I'm having a hard time calling the Sears Tower "Willis Tower"—it just feels wrong. It's like calling The Olive Garden an "Italian restaurant."
The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist. The worst trick he pulled was that "Got your nose" thing.
According to Forbes magazine, the #3 highest paid actor in the world is Vin Diesel. In a related story, Daniel Day Lewis just jumped off a bridge.
The parents of a 6-year-old Canadian boy are angry because he’s been put on the no-fly list. TSA agents said, “We’re trying to prevent the next Bieber.”
One of the cast members from "Game of Thrones" has slammed the show’s producers for low pay. He’s about to be the first character that gets beheaded between seasons.
This green 1992 Ford Taurus is just a loaner, ladies. You should see my real green 1992 Ford Taurus.
There was some good news for Jeremy last night— during the debate, Mitt Romney offered him a job. Jeremy starts his new job in China next Tuesday.
President Obama wrote a note for a 5th grader who skipped school so that he could hear him give a speech. At first the boy's teacher was suspicious because the note was signed, "Billy's President."
According to a new poll, Americans trust Judge Judy more than they trust Supreme Court Justices. Americans say Judge Judy won their trust after her landmark decision in the case of "Drunk Lady vs Other Drunk Lady."
After he won yesterday's Nevada Caucus, Donald Trump said, "I love the poorly educated." Trump then said, "And when I’m President there’ll be more of them than ever."
The Navajo Nation has decided to add a 2% tax on junk food. The junk food tax was opposed by respected Navajo leader Chief Binges On Hot Pockets.
China has banned hip hop from Chinese television, which is bad news for China's biggest hip hop star, the Notorious MSG.
In an interview with NBC’s Matt Lauer over the weekend, Ryan Lochte apologized for his "immature behavior." I don’t know if Lochte meant it, because he answered Lauer’s next question by responding, "Homo says what?"
Amazon Prime has made it possible to have beer and wine delivered to your home by Alexa. All you have to do is say the phrase, "Alexa, Daddy’s sad."
The Justice Department is saying that President Obama can order drone strikes on American citizens. And in a related story, this is the last Obama joke I'm ever doing on this show.
The Prime Minister of Britain announced that Internet porn will be blocked in all homes, unless the home owners ask for it.   Then all the home owners asked for it.
People close to Justin Bieber are urging the singer to enter rehab. You know things are bad when Lil Twist and Lil Za are worried about you.
One of the top political Halloween costumes this year is Donald Trump. Meanwhile, even Jeb Bush doesn’t want to go out dressed as Jeb Bush.
According to a new poll, 2/3 of Republicans want to see Donald Trump’s medical records. Republicans want to know if he’s healthy, active, and if the carpet matches the drapes.
Today, former Pope Benedict is moving back into the Vatican. And man, is he going to be pissed when he sees Pope Francis took down his Metallica posters.
What's your favorite Memorial Day memory? Mine is eating a jar and a half of sweet relish and then playing frisbee. Ahh, my early 40's.
The other day, Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer had shoulder surgery, for an injury he received after falling off his bike.  FOX News reports that the accident happened when the Justice drifted a little too far to the left.
After the Grammys, Jay-Z got into a Twitter feud with President Trump. It turns out, the most powerful man in the world doesn’t like President Trump.
I generally don’t condone grave robbing, but sometimes a guy just needs a new pair of shoes.
I may have just swallowed a candy heart with a stent.
A company in Japan has created a device to help parents shut down their child’s smartphone if they use it too much. It’s meant for children ages 6 to 12 or the President of the United States.
A political opponent is accusing New Jersey Governor Chris Christie of praying for Hurricane Sandy.  In response, Christie said, "The only weather-related thing I've ever prayed for is a Dairy Queen Blizzard."
For the second time in two days, President Obama snuck out of the White House.  After hearing about it, Bill Clinton said, "In my day we snuck people into the White House."
Khloe Kardashian is refusing to take a paternity test to determine if she's actually a Kardashian. She said, "I think my record of fame without talent speaks for itself."
The former CEO of Trader Joe’s is opening a new store that will sell expired food. After hearing this, people at 7-Eleven said, "Hey-that’s our strategy!"
The Olympics are being streamed online, so last night at 3 a.m. I tried to convince my wife I was on the computer watching archery.
In a new interview, Samuel L. Jackson said the only reason he only voted for President Obama in 2008 is because he's black.  Which explains President Obama's new 2012 campaign slogan:  "Hey, everybody, I'm still black!"
For a few hours yesterday, the Sears online catalog featured a model whose nipple was showing.  It was the first time in years someone saw something in a Sears catalog they actually wanted.
Honey Boo Boo’s mother Mama June has announced that she’s bisexual. Then someone explained to her that "bisexual" doesn’t mean someone who loves both Wendy’s AND Burger King.
This week, Sarah Palin said that God helped Donald Trump win the presidential election. When he heard this, a furious Satan said, “Don’t I get credit for anything?”
Scientists think they may have discovered a vaccine for chlamydia. Currently, the only sure-fire way to avoid getting chlamydia is to wear Crocs on a first date.
For the second time, RadioShack has filed for bankruptcy. Experts say if RadioShack goes bankrupt one more time, it can officially run for president.
Today, Scarlett Johansson contacted the FBI after several naked pictures of her were hacked from her phone.  The FBI said they are determined to find the hacker and even more determined to find the pictures. 
President Obama is being criticized for saluting a soldier while reportedly holding a pumpkin spice latte.  Today, Obama sincerely apologized while eating a maple-glazed donut.
Yesterday, the Board of Directors at Yahoo fired their CEO, Carol Bartz. Even worse was the way Bartz found out she was fired: she did a search on the phrase, "What time should I come in tomorrow?"
Message to Mitt Romney: if you don’t become the next President, don’t worry, you’ll always be Mayor of Handsometown.
According to new report, America’s teenagers are #30 in the world in math. Luckily, American’s teenagers will never understand the report, because they’re 85th in reading. And #1 in Candy Crush.
In a recent interview, Kim Jong Nam, the oldest son of Kim Jong-il, says his brother Kim Jong-un is nothing more than a "symbolic figure."  Kim Jong-un then told Kim Jong Nam to go "Kim Jong Fuck Himself."
Yesterday, Donald Trump insisted that he is not racist because, one time, an African American won "The Apprentice."  Because nothing says "not racist" like making a black man run your errands.  
A veteran San Diego weatherman has pled guilty to charges of masturbating in public.  Or as the weatherman called it, "Precipitation caused by a high pressure build-up."
Hi I'm Conan O'Brien.  I don't care what the people of Egypt say, I am not stepping down.
Yesterday, presidential candidate Lindsey Graham said Caitlyn Jenner is "welcome" in the Republican Party. Graham said, "We love everyone who supports drastic cuts."
The other Republican candidates keep attacking Marco Rubio implying he’s a child. However, Rubio has hit back against these charges, threatening repeatedly to "tell Mom."
A new report came out and found that it costs so much to protect President Trump's entire family that the Secret Service is going bankrupt. In fact today, the Secret Service asked if they could "just skip Eric."
This past weekend, more than 40 teams of Harry Potter fans met in New York City to compete for the 4th Annual Quidditch World Cup.  Out of respect for their families, the names of the winners were not announced.
In Northern California, a man found crystal meth in his eight-year-old daughter’s bag of Halloween candy.  Afterwards, the parents said, "We never should have let her go trick-or-treating dressed as Florida."
Doctors say that according to the latest research, sex during pregnancy is almost always safe and enjoyable. Unless you're the baby – in which case it's TERRIFYING.
According to a new study, the average cost of raising a child in America is now over $200,000. The study was funded by Trojan condoms.
Very unusual day here in LA, it rained briefly for 10 minutes. Hospitals are still busy treating the moist.
Analysts say the key voting block that Democrats have to reach this year is unmarried women. When Bill Clinton was told, he said, "I’m on it."
Madonna performed for the 33 couples that got married at the Grammys. Madonna sang her new hit song, "Please Stop Asking Me What I’ve Done to My Face."
Brazil is exhuming the bodies of two former presidents. Man, how bad is Brazil’s current president doing?
The CEO of Starbucks said that President Obama shouldn't be vacationing during a crisis. He said Obama should be trying to get Americans back to work so they can afford a $9 cup of coffee.
Does day-drinking count as civil disobedience?
On Easter, the Pope asked for peace in the Middle East. Because if there are two groups the Pope has pull with, it's Jewish people and Muslims.
A new study shows that most doctors are afraid to tell parents that their child is overweight. However, they will ask questions like, "How is ‘Fatty Fatty Two by Four' doing in school?"
Thank you for tuning in, I’m Conan O’Brien. Or as John Travolta calls me, "Kevin Ozeem."
A woman in Florida beat up her boyfriend because he had an orgasm too quickly. By the way, guys – this is officially the worst way to get your name in the paper.
Last night on "Dancing With the Stars," Kirstie Alley performed a cartwheel. So if you were in the greater Los Angeles area, that's what you felt.
Apparently Kim Kardashian attended a Paris Fashion Week event and was tackled. Technically, she wasn’t tackled, but turned around really fast and was hit by her own butt.
Starbucks is encouraging its baristas to talk to customers about race. So far, most of the race conversations end up with black customers saying, "No, I don’t want to buy a Josh Groban CD."
My new iPad is getting real hot. I’m confused… Are they not microwavable?
A growing number of rappers are coming out for Bernie Sanders. Which is why today Sanders revealed his new rap name, "Ol' Cranky Bastard."
This weekend, London is hosting a Penis Conference. It’s expected to be a big turnout, but not as big as organizers claim.
The Pope is urging Catholics to use Facebook and Twitter because he says that they are "portals of truth."  Then he tweeted, "These Doritos Locos Tacos are mad good."
Kid Rock is under fire for posting a photo of himself holding a cougar that he had just killed. People were outraged - until they realized the cougar was one of the "Real Housewives of Orange County."
Yesterday, the Senate held hearings on gay marriage, and one Senator who supports gay rights quoted Abraham Lincoln.  He said Lincoln would have been friendly to gays because he had a beard and lived his last moments in the theater.
My parents won't say which of their six kids they love the best, but they have told me I finished just out of the top five.
The manager of Mexico’s World Cup team has banned them from having sex during the Cup. When he said this, the players called him an "AssHOOOOOOOOAL!!!!"
It was Bob Marley’s 70th birthday this past Friday, and on that day, Jamaica decriminalized possession of marijuana. Still no word if anyone in Jamaica has tried it yet.
The CEO of Yahoo who just bought Tumblr for 1.1 billion dollars says she will not remove porn from the site.  When asked why, she said, "Because I don't want to lose 1.1 billion dollars."
Yesterday, an asteroid the size of an aircraft carrier just missed the Earth. Experts say it was the biggest rock to not have no impact since Kim Kardashian's wedding ring.
Don’t you hate it when the false bottom on your sock drawer holds less than 10 Victoria’s Secret catalogs?
In Maine, Republicans are trying to loosen child labor laws in order to allow younger children to work more hours.  Which explains why Maine's license plates have replaced their motto, "Vacationland" with "Back to work, Timmy." 
President Obama said that one thing about being president is learning to say "no." Especially when someone asks, "Do you feel ready for this debate?"
Tonight we're going to feature the only 2 celebrities who were not insulted by Ricky Gervais at the Golden Globes.
The Obama campaign has unveiled a new ad designed to target Hispanics. It's basically the president saying, "Yo soy el hombre who killed Osama bin Laden."
"Sons of Anarchy" takes place in a fictional California town filled with degenerates and endless mayhem. They had to choose between making it a fictional town in California, or any real town in Florida.
I like to think of myself as the kind of boss who brings donuts in the morning. Thinking about it is enough, right?
The author of "50 Shades of Grey" has been named the world’s best paid author. When J.K. Rowling heard the news, she announced the release of her latest book, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Gentle Ass Play."
Apparently Zynga is bringing their hit app "Draw Something" to TV. I hope this won't affect my forthcoming show, "Instagram Nights".
Monica Lewinsky is reportedly writing a tell-all book about her affair with Bill Clinton. The book is called "Ten Years Too Late."
In a new interview with the New York Times, Chris Christie says he takes plenty of vitamins to stay healthy. Then someone had to explain to him that "cheese is not a vitamin."
This year for Halloween I’m giving out Canadian passports.
A VIP ticket to the Justin Bieber concert costs $2,000; it includes the show, a backstage tour, and a selfie with Justin Bieber. Even more amazing, for $3,000 dollars, you get a show, a backstage tour, and no selfie with Justin Bieber.
A Japanese clothing company has been criticized for labeling its sizes "skinny," "fat" and "jumbo." After a huge outcry, they changed the sizes to "small," "medium," and "American."
President Obama and Vladimir Putin are both in China attending the same economic summit. President Obama saw Putin and said, "After those midterms, it’s nice to finally see a friendly face." 
A male massage therapist is claiming that John Travolta sexually harassed him. Apparently, Travolta turned over during the massage, removed his towel, and told the massage therapist to "Get Shorty."
Huge story last week, massive corruption in international soccer. Yeah, the first clue was when a soccer team scored a suspiciously high three goals in one game.
Scientists have discovered a long lost continent under the Indian Ocean. After hearing about it, half of Americans asked, "When can we move there?"
There's a new app that shows you how alcohol will age you. When I was a kid, we did this by looking at our father.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was spotted singing and dancing at a Bruce Springsteen concert. Then Christie tried to crowd surf and killed nine people.
The new mayor of New York City is a progressive democrat with an African-American wife who used to be a lesbian. Or as the Fox News reported it, "The apocalypse is upon us."
An Ohio school is requiring students who want to be on the yearbook committee be tested for drugs. The yearbook committee is protesting, saying, "If we were cool enough to do drugs, we wouldn't be on the yearbook committee."
Today the Pope revealed he doesn’t know how to use a computer. Which is ironic, because he’s the one guy in the world who doesn’t have to worry about clearing his internet history.
In a new interview, Ann Romney says her husband Mitt is "mischievous." For example, she says his favorite prank is to ring someone's doorbell, run away, and then buy the house.
Former President Clinton has a cameo in the new "Hangover 2" movie.  When asked why Clinton is in the movie, producers said, "There are some things Mike Tyson will not do."
It’s rumored that Donald Trump’s transition team is paying seat fillers to attend his inauguration. Just a word of advice to the Trump seat fillers: make sure you get paid up front.
Tonight is game seven of the World Series between the San Francisco Giants and the Kansas City Royals. That’s right, America, this is your last opportunity to not watch the World Series.
It's rumored that the Republican Convention mystery speaker is going to be a hologram of Ronald Reagan.  The cool part is he's going to perform a duet with Tupac.
Today, the US Embassy began evacuating all remaining Americans out of Libya. The mission is being called Operation "What the Hell Are You Still Doing in Libya?"  
Ronald McDonald has recently received a makeover, which includes a new vest and a bow tie.  Not to be outdone, after an operation, the Burger King is now the Burger Queen.
It was reported today that Donald Trump Jr.’s wife once dated Leonardo DiCaprio. In other words, she’s used to being with guys who go down with a sinking ship.
In her concession speech, Michele Bachmann said, "I mean what I say and I say what I mean."  Then she thanked her speechwriter Popeye.
After embracing the gay community last week, the Vatican is now distancing itself from those comments.  The Vatican explained, "That was just one crazy weekend." 
A Connecticut couple named its baby with help from the people at a Starbucks coffee shop. So welcome to the world, little “Scaldy Overprice.”
It's been announced that there's a 3-D movie of "Glee" in the works. Apparently the 3-D is so good, it's like the characters are literally pulling you right out of the closet.
I like my women the way I like my coffee. Yup, I like blonde slutty coffee with low self esteem.
At the White House today, President Trump gave advice to a group of schoolchildren and he told them to "work hard." Trump also told them, "If your dad offers you a million dollars, say 'yes.'"
According to a report, Kate Middleton is taking a class in how to act more like a queen.  The class is being taught by Sir Elton John.
It's come out that during Joe Biden's recent night in Paris, he ran up a hotel bill of $585,000. Apparently, Biden tried to order "Wreck it Ralph" over 1,000 times.
South Carolina voters just found out Newt has been seeing North Carolina voters on the side.
The hamburger chain In-N-Out is upset because a bikini-clad woman made a video of herself handling their meat in a suggestive way. The CEO said, "What kind of sicko would sexualize In-N-Out?"
According to polls, Donald Trump is getting only 2% of the black vote. And that’s only because 2% of black people vote sarcastically.
At a zoo in China, two gay penguins have been given a baby chick to raise.  Unfortunately, it's not working out because the gay penguins said, "Look, we told you, we're not into chicks."
Kate Middleton's sister, Pippa Middleton, narrowly lost out having her rear end declared "Rear of the Year" in Britain.  Pippa was gracious in defeat and congratulated three time winner, Queen Elizabeth.
The Center for Disease Control reports that 80% of public swimming pools they investigated have health and safety violations. The study concluded with, "Enjoy your Memorial Day weekend."
Someone invented a pair of yoga pants that vibrate when your yoga pose is incorrect. Which explains the new trend, "Incorrect yoga poses."
Even though he's not officially in the race yet, 15% of Republicans and Independents are leaning towards supporting Rick Perry.  Half of Perry's supporters like his conservative values and the other half think he's the lead singer from "Journey." 
A list of the happiest countries is out and USA is number 14 and Canada came way ahead of us in 9th.  However, those rankings reverse whenever Justin Bieber’s back in Canada.
Today is the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah and the first day of the NFL season.  In other words— a lot of NFL players had to start the season without their lawyers. 
Google announced in a press conference that they're going to restructure the company under a new name "Alphabet." The company already announced this a month ago on Google Plus but no one noticed.
Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar, the parents from "19 Kids and Counting," are having their 30th wedding anniversary. They’re planning to celebrate with a romantic dinner, a moonlit walk, and, god willing, a condom.
In its last few days before break, the Supreme Court has been arguing about race, immigration, and abortion. So basically, the Supreme Court has become most peoples' families at Thanksgiving.
A woman from Las Vegas has given birth to quintuplets. The Vegas woman was only supposed to have twins, but the doctor kept saying, "Hit me."
A recent study found that less than half of American students are proficient in science. Then again – the results of the study were tabulated by American math students – so who the hell knows.
Later this month, Donald Trump is going to make his first foreign trip as President. That’s right, he’s visiting a library.
In a new interview, Oprah said she is not a control freak. You can read the rest of the interview in this month’s Oprah magazine, with Oprah on the cover.
A militia group that is protesting the US government has taken over a wildlife refuge in Oregon. Of course you can understand why they’re angry, it’s really not easy being a white man in Oregon.
Today, Queen Elizabeth stepped down as the patron of Children’s Charities. The Queen said, "I just realized I really hate kids."
Today, Mitt Romney tried to win over a skeptical Hispanic audience in Florida. Unfortunately, Romney set the wrong tone when he came out and tossed the crowd his car keys.
I’m a huge fan of "Sons of Anarchy," probably because when I was a young man, I ran with a gang of redheaded punks. We were called The Ginger Snaps. Our biggest enemy was sunlight.
In a speech, Pope Francis criticized the Italian mafia and urged members of the mafia to repent. Which is why now every morning the Pope makes his assistant start the Popemobile.
Today, Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill allowing driverless cars in California.  After hearing the news, Amanda Bynes said, "I thought I had a driverless car." 
Donald Trump said he will not try and send Hillary Clinton to jail. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "Hey, you promised."
Two new government studies report that America’s obesity problem is getting worse. Both studies came with a Happy Meal.
Donald Trump has pledged to create 25 million new jobs. All of them in the profession of fact-checking.
In New York, Federal authorities have seized 274 pairs of shoes made from endangered species. The shoes were made from rhino horn, crocodile skin, and Jeb Bush supporters.
Yesterday, a Russian spy plane was spotted over New Jersey. The Russian pilot was overheard saying, "You know, Siberia’s not so bad."
Rachel Dolezal, the white NAACP leader who claimed for years she was black, made an appearance on "The Today Show." I don’t know if she’s learned her lesson, because for the first hour she pretended to be Al Roker.
In Florida, Vice President Joe Biden told a group of nurses, "If there are any angels in heaven, they're all nurses."  Then Biden said, "Of course, maybe they wouldn't be in heaven if they had better nurses."
I relate a little too much to that new Marvel superhero, Captain Needy.
31 pounds of cocaine has been found hidden in the nose of an American Airlines jet. Authorities became suspicious when the plane flew from Miami to New York in 16 minutes.
The co-founder of Burt’s Bees said he was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee. In his defense, he was just trying to explain to her the story of the burts and the bees. 
A lawyer from Africa wants to marry Malia Obama in exchange for goats, sheep, and cows. In response, President Obama said, "Don’t be ridiculous, my daughter isn’t marrying a lawyer."
This November, legalizing marijuana will be on the ballot in Florida. Great news for everyone who wishes people in Florida would drive even slower.
Some people are criticizing the new movie "Exodus" for casting the part of Moses with a white actor. They’re also not thrilled about the scene where Moses leads the Israelites out of Egypt driving a Prius.
Sarah Palin visited the White House last night along with Ted Nugent and Kid Rock. All three expressed their regrets that Honey Boo Boo couldn't make it.
The NRA is holding a fundraiser for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. The NRA likes Chris Christie because he has a lot of places to conceal a weapon.
Vice President Joe Biden was also sworn in for his second term today. Biden swore on a Bible to uphold the Constitution and to "keep doing whatever it is I do."
A new study finds that men with thick biceps are more likely to live longer. The study also found that I died 10 years ago.
Iran has successfully sent a monkey into space. Iran is calling it a huge advancement in not letting women drive.
Officials in Colombia are angry at rapper Wiz Khalifa for smoking marijuana at the tomb of Pablo Escobar. Colombian officials said, "Marijuana has no place at this sacred monument to cocaine."
This past quarter, the US Postal Service had a $2 billion loss. Apparently the post office lost all that money because it’s been sending everything FedEx.
Ivanka Trump revealed that she is planning to take a coding class this summer with her five-year-old daughter. Then, this fall, the 5-year-old will begin working at the White House.
Kim Kardashian is mad that "Playboy" released nude photos of her. I know how she feels--I still haven’t forgiven “Pasty Gent Monthly.”
Not sure about SeaWorld’s new ad campaign "You Either See Them Here or at Red Lobster."
Archaeologists in Jerusalem say they may have found the site of Jesus' trial. They've even pinpointed the exact spot where Jesus swore to tell the whole truth, "So help me dad."
Over the weekend, George W. Bush became a grandfather. Bush said, "I'm looking forward  to being a grandfather because  you get to do all the fun stuff with none of the responsibility – kind of like being President."
People investigating the Chris Christie bridge scandal say the governor could be removed from office. Critics say that removing Christie from office would require a federal indictment, full support of both houses and a three ton construction crane.
A federal judge ruled that South Dakota must allow gay marriage. It’s great news for hundreds of South Dakota’s gay couples, and here’s the cool part, two of the heads on Mt. Rushmore.
It's been reported that if you're playing Angry Birds, the company is tracking your location. This may seem silly to you but it's actually how we got Bin Laden. 
Miami Police are releasing a video of Justin Bieber urinating in his jail cell. In other words they’ve got streaming video of Justin Bieber. 
It was reported that a research lab at the University of Texas just found out it is missing 100 human brains. Texas police don’t know who has the brains, but they've already ruled out Governor Rick Perry.
It’s rumored that Melania Trump has decided not to live in the White House at all. Man, Donald Trump is keeping immigrants away left and right.
Kanye West released a new video that features his fiancée Kim Kardashian nearly nude and on a motorcycle. The video is for his new song, "Please Respect Our Privacy."
As if there weren’t already enough reasons to hate Ebola, I hear it also smokes e-cigarettes.
President Obama is in town tonight for a fundraiser at George Clooney's house where dinner is $40,000 a plate.  When Mitt Romney heard this, he said, "That's ridiculous—you can't get a decent meal for $40,000."
The Space Shuttle is going to be driven through Los Angeles tomorrow. The bad news, it's going to be driven by Lindsay Lohan.
Two of the biggest topics at last night's GOP debate were illegal immigration and birth control. I think Ron Paul got confused, because he said that we should build a fence around women and pull out of Mexico.
A sad moment for civilization: I just bought Greece with an old can of olives.
After years of not having it, a mining town in Nevada has finally gotten Wi-Fi. So, for the first time ever, there’s porn in them thar hills.
Chaz Bono and his fiancée have broken up.  When asked about it, Chaz said, "That's two vaginas I've lost this year."
The world's largest sperm bank announced they are no longer accepting donations from men with red hair.  The upside is, now I have my weekends back.
Today, Dr. Ben Carson dropped out of the Presidential race after a dismal and ineffective campaign. He said, "The good news is, I’m ready to operate on your baby’s brain again!"
Now that the Red Sox season is over, I can turn my attention to my vintage doll collection.
In Utah, a woman pulled out two of her son’s teeth in a Walmart bathroom. Or as that procedure will soon be known, "the TrumpCare Dental Plan."
I hope this doesn’t sound creepy, but I have to admit the new Volkswagon Beetle has a really nice ass.
A new article says that Donald Trump has changed the definition of the word "conservative." It used to mean "traditional" and "right leaning" - now it means "batshit crazy."
On his radio show yesterday, Rush Limbaugh declared, "Thank God for President Obama."  In other words, the apocalypse has begun. 
Presidential candidate Rick Santorum is under fire for a remark he made in Iowa about Black people. The remark has sparked outrage among Iowa's Black community, otherwise known as "Steve."
Huffington Post is set to ban anonymous comments. I guess "SexxxyGingerNotConanOBrien" will have to move on to greener pastures.
Volkswagen's settlement for its emissions cheating scandal is going to cost it nearly $15 billion. A spokesperson for Volkswagen said, "We’ve never been so embarrassed and we were founded by Hitler."
In Alabama, an appeals court overturned the state's ban on gay sex. When they heard the news, gay people said, "thanks, but we're still not moving to Alabama."
Muammar Gadaffi said "no sane person" would join the protests against him.  He then immediately joined the protests against him.
In Seattle, a woman ate nothing but Starbucks for a year. Not intentionally, it just took her that long to get to the front of the line.
The FDA has come one step closer to approving a "Viagra for women," but it will likely come with a warning that it should not be taken with alcohol. Of course, up until now, alcohol HAS been the "Viagra for women."
A Carnival Cruise ship finally docked after losing power for 3 days - resulting in small portions of bad food and smelly toilets.  The ship is being repaired and turned into a Taco Bell.
Whole Foods has started selling rabbit meat? That’s great, I was looking for a place to buy way-too-expensive rabbit meat.
Over the past few days, many celebrities have been tweeting about the unrest in Egypt.  Larry King even offered to go to Egypt and personally speak to the Pharaoh.
For the first time in years, Burger King has beaten McDonald’s in sales, and they attribute it to their new offering, "Chicken Fries." Which is why today McDonald’s announced their new offering, "Burger Shakes."
Donald Trump said he got to know Vladimir Putin very well because they were on "60 Minutes" the same night, even though they were interviewed by different hosts in different locations. Then he said it was a pleasure to meet Flo the Progressive lady during the commercial break.
Had that nightmare where my chute doesn’t open and I hit the ground, and the last thing I hear is a cannibal shouting "five-second rule!"
The American Postal Workers Union has endorsed Bernie Sanders. They like Bernie because he’s the only candidate who’s old enough to still be using the U.S Postal Service.
It’s been reported that morale is low among the Taliban. You know things are bad when THEY are too depressed to go to work.
In a new poll, the most hated Americans are Casey Anthony, The Octomom, Paris Hilton and O.J. Simpson.  So, I guess I should probably rethink my guests for next week.
Lexus has built a drivable car made of cardboard. It’s part of Lexus' new motto: "Nothing can stop our cars, except a light drizzle."
Apparently, the internet rumors are false, Miley Cyrus is not pregnant.  Miley said, "I’ve been using a very effective birth control known as 'my performance at the VMAs.'"
Trump wakes up every morning and says, "Today I'll act like a president." But then his thumbs say, "Oh, no, you won't."
Chris Christie launched his presidential campaign in the gymnasium of his old high school. Christie wanted to launch it in the school’s cafeteria, but there’s still a restraining order.
Yesterday, Donald Trump said, "Anthony Weiner is a bad guy, he's a psycho."  So look for him on the next season of "Celebrity Apprentice."
Yesterday, Barbara Walters announced that Honey Boo Boo is one of her Most Fascinating People of 2012. Then Barbara said, "I can't do this shit anymore" and retired.
Behavioral scientists report that the human brain is hard-wired to gossip. Those same scientists also reported that Shelley is like, such a bitch.
Amazon.com plans to open its first physical store. The Amazon store said their plan is to do okay for about a year, then be put out of business by Amazon.com.
Facebook has introduced a new service to help those who express suicidal thoughts on it.  So now if you write, "Thinking of jumping off a bridge," it immediately lists the top 10 bridges in your area.
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady said he thinks it would be great if Donald Trump was President. Which is really weird, because I thought Brady didn't like things that are filled with too much air.
Being a celebrity means I can get any restaurant reservation when George Clooney cancels at the last minute.
Yesterday was the LA Marathon. It’s the only time of year you see someone running the streets of Los Angeles when it’s not the end of a car chase.
The White House may ban people from taking selfies with President Obama. Not only that, the White House now has photobomb-sniffing dogs. 
Nintendo is refusing to allow players in a new life simulation video game to make their avatars gay.  They’re also canceling their popular "Super Mario" spinoff, "Super Mario: Roommates."
The TSA announced that passengers can pass through security without taking their shoes off if they’re willing to pay an extra $85. That explains the TSA’s new motto, “We catch terrorists who don’t have an extra $85.00 on them.”
A sixth woman has come forward to accuse Senator Al Franken of sexually inappropriate behavior. On the plus side, if Franken resigns as senator from Minnesota, he could still be elected the senator from Alabama.
According to new research, you may be at risk of bacterial infections from clothing you buy at the mall.  Experts say the store you most want to avoid is "Victoria's Really Disgusting Secret."
Next year's Super Bowl takes place in New Jersey and the NFL says it wants to prevent another blackout.  This will involve keeping Gov. Chris Christie away from his microwave.
Woody Harrelson revealed that he has stopped smoking marijuana. When asked why, Harrelson said, "I don’t remember."
Last week, Twitter introduced a "quality filter" that gets rid of tweets that contain spam, mean, or unwanted content. An hour later, Twitter filed for bankruptcy.
Fun fact: the first Thanksgiving had lobster, venison and small pox.
When asked about Cuba Gooding Jr.’s portrayal of him, OJ Simpson said he’s "not tall enough and his head is too small." Simpson then said, "Also, he didn’t kill my wife."
A new report says ISIS is trying to recruit professionals like doctors, engineers, and accountants. But, sorry kids - even ISIS says they are not hiring liberal arts majors.
Some of the top baby names currently are from literature such as Gatsby, Atticus and Holden.  The least popular literary name is "That Pig from Charlotte's Web."
Vermont has passed a new bill making it okay to possess small amounts of marijuana.  The bill was co-sponsored by Representatives Ben & Jerry.
Watching that new Irish hoarding show, where they clean out a man’s lifetime accumulation of slights, rebuffs and resentments.
Apple has announced that next week it will unveil its smaller iPad, the "iPad Mini." Sadly, it has also decided to rename the regular-sized model the "Maxi-iPad."
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said he gave an underage prostitute $60,000, not for sex, but so she could open a spa. Then he added, "A spa where I could have sex with her."
I have a solution for the Fiscal Cliff that'll satisfy all and fix the economy. Go to the pay phone near the laundromat. Wait for my call.
Phil Collins is making music again. It took him this long to decide which super close-up photo of his face to put on the album cover.
Political analysts say Hillary Clinton is doing her best to win over millennials. Hillary’s telling millennials, if all goes well, she, too, plans to move back into the home where she lived in the 90's.
This week, Glenn Beck mocked Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour for her aristocratic accent and for being the "devil." The comment sent shockwaves throughout the entire town of Whocaresville, USA.
Conservative televangelist Pat Robertson has come out in favor of decriminalizing marijuana. Apparently, Robertson just got to that part of the Bible where Jesus tells the Apostles to "chill."
The Los Angeles Dodgers won the first game of the World Series last night. Last night's game was the fastest World Series game in decades. Fans in LA were at the game for 2 ½ hours, and in traffic for 5 ½.
A national poll of Republican presidential candidates shows Donald Trump at only 1%. However, keep in mind that after spending millions of dollars on ads, Trump could double that.
The Octomom says she's made enough money from porn to buy a house. The dilapidated, condemned structure that can hold up to 15 people, said she's happy to finally have her own home.
Should I be worried? My son just filed the serial number off his squirt gun.
Santa knows if I’ve been bad or good, so he and my browser history have a lot in common.
There is a new book coming out about Helen Keller's secret love life.  The book is called, "Why do you keep asking me to hold this hot dog?"
In a survival situation, you can drink your own urine. Fortunately, my Wi-Fi came back on just as I was filling the can.
I don’t like to be wasteful so I’m turning all my leftover Halloween candy corn into a chowder.
McDonald’s new CEO wants to change it into a "modern, progressive company" - so Burger King says it’s planning to transition to a democracy.
People are very upset because in a new movie Michael Jackson is going to be played by a British white man. The producers said, "We didn’t want to cast a white man, but we’d like to get nominated for an Oscar.”"
I hope "Guardians of the Galaxy 2" is a prequel, so Vin Diesel can spend two hours saying, "I will be Groot."
Historians now think that the ancient Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses III, who ruled 3000 years ago, was actually murdered. Police are currently questioning their prime suspect – Larry King.
In Florida, a teenage boy was arrested for posing as a doctor. After hearing about it, Dr. Phil said, "Wait… it’s illegal to pose as a doctor?"
My wife is boycotting the NFL. Her boycott began in 1987.
Ladies, I’m 6 foot 4 inches of misplaced confidence.
Jessica Simpson has bought Ozzy Osbourne's house for $11.5 million. The house comes with 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, a pool, and one very confused Ozzie Osbourne.
New research finds that people who have ADHD literally have different brains. When told this, people with ADHD said, "I like pancakes."
After Michelle Obama’s speech where she said the White House was built by slaves, Fox News host Bill O’Reilly said the slaves who built the White House were "well fed" and had "decent lodging." Leave it to Fox News to provide a fair and balanced view of slavery.
North and South Korea exchanged artillery fire over a border dispute.  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is calling it, "a significant geopolitical flareup," and Bill Clinton is calling it "Hot Asian-on-Asian Action."
"Orange Is the New Black" is not the first show I’ve watched about a women’s prison. However, it is the first show about a women’s prison I didn’t have to delete from my browser history.
Mitt Romney has begun the process of choosing a running mate.  Romney wants someone with a different ethnicity who appeals to women, so his first choice is President Obama.
Today in Michigan, there was a summit for people who don't believe in global warming.  The summit was held about two Hummer lengths past the aerosol can factory.
Ann Romney's horse, Rafalca, did not advance to the Olympic finals. Apparently, it was beat out by a smooth talking socialist horse from Kenya.
A Federal court has ruled against President Trump’s travel ban, and at 3:35 Trump tweeted in all caps "SEE YOU IN COURT." Then again, Trump tweets "SEE YOU IN COURT" to someone every day at 3:35.
Yesterday, Donald Trump gave a speech at an industrial plant while standing in front of a giant wall of trash.  Before the speech, Trump welcomed his new campaign manager, Mike Metaphor.
The Kardashian family has put up a giant Christmas tree in the entryway of their home. You can tell the tree is plastic because Bruce Jenner asked the tree, "Who’s your surgeon?"
Angelina Jolie recently got a tattoo marking the coordinates of Brad Pitt's birthplace and it's right next to tattoos marking the birthplaces of all their children.  In a related story: Angelina Jolie is out of skin.
In Florida, a former NFL player was arrested for leaving a toddler in his car while he went to a strip club. Today the NFL commissioner said, “You know— I prefer to think of this as a story of a player who still has custody of his child and didn’t murder anyone.”
A tortoise thought to have gone extinct 150 years ago has reappeared.  Even more surprising, his first words upon reappearing were, "Where's my money, bitch?"
When the Pope’s plane lands in the United States, President Obama is going to be there to greet him. President Obama will be the guy at arrivals holding a sign that says "Pope."
My son asked me where babies come from, and to distract him I said "some day we're all going to die."
In Maine, a man was convicted of turning a fitness gym into a brothel. Police became suspicious when people signed up for the gym and then actually went their regularly. 
At a high school football game in Ohio last week, Catholic school students taunted their opponents by chanting, "We've got Jesus!" There was an awkward moment when Jesus said, "Yeah, but I've got 50 bucks on the other team."
After last week’s fence-jumping incident, President Obama is calling for a security crackdown. In fact, today he announced a new punishment for anyone who breaks into the White House: "Now you have to be president."
The trailer for the new Star Wars movie made its debut last night during Monday Night Football. Star Wars fans called it a titillating glimpse into the new franchise, while football fans called it the stupidest beer commercial they’ve ever seen.
Tomorrow is the California primary - analysts say it’s make or break for Bernie Sanders. Either Bernie wins and he keeps going or he loses and he keeps going.
Vladimir Putin on the defensive after making anti-gay statements. Russian President Vladimir Putin said his country is not homophobic because Russians like Elton John’s music. Then he said his favorite Elton John song is "Don’t Let That Guy Go Down on Me."
Texas Senator Ted Cruz said if elected President, he would abolish the Department of Education. But not to worry - he promised to replace it with the less expensive Bureau of Book Learnin’.
At some point, I’m going to have to tell my kids they’re not adopted. They’ll be crushed.
My kids have really been inspired by this year's World Cup. My son just bit our dog.
California has been ordered to reduce prison overcrowding by releasing 46,000 convicts.  And they're all in my audience tonight.
During a speech, Michele Bachmann said that she believes gay people can get married, but only to members of the opposite sex. Then she turned to her husband and said, "Why are people laughing so hard?"
In Colorado, they’re filming a new reality show to come up with the best marijuana product. So far, the winning product seems to be "marijuana."
Russia suspended coverage of the Oscars last night.  And I’m going to guess they’re also not going to show the Tonys.
Debate analysts say Carly Fiorina won the debate because she "crashed the boys club." Or, as Fiorina put it, "I served slaw at the sausage fest."
Ron Paul has announced he's running for President, and he supports the legalization of prostitution and heroin. I know he doesn't have much of a chance, but if he does win, that is going to be one HELL of a victory party.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has apologized for urinating on the floor of a first class cabin of an airline.  Depardieu's exact words were, "I'm sorry, I thought I was in coach."
Yesterday, Audi’s self-driving car drove itself 500 miles to Las Vegas. Not for the Consumer Electronics Show - for its buddy Chad’s bachelor party. Unfortunately, the car got so drunk in Vegas it had to Uber home.
One of the biggest viral sensations right now is a YouTube livestream of a pregnant giraffe waiting to give birth. The cutest part is when she tells the father giraffe "you did this to me, now put down that goddamn camera."
Anthropologists have released more information about a recently discovered extinct human species. The species lived in trees, had brains the size of an orange, and plans to vote for Donald Trump.
Today President Trump said the GOP health care bill that passed through the House was "mean" and "difficult to defend." Then Trump said, "In other words, I love it."
It’s just come out that for two decades, the secret launch code for America’s nuclear missiles was "00000000." This was revealed by a U.S. spy going under the code name "U.S. Spy."
Yesterday, Miley Cyrus got sick and was taken to the hospital. When asked how it happened, Miley said,  "I don’t know, it must have been something I licked."
In his farewell speech, President Obama said being a father to his daughters was his proudest achievement. In response, Donald Trump said being a father to his daughter is the reason he’s not allowed to date her.
Jennifer Lopez recently performed at the $1 billion wedding of a Russian oligarch’s son. That’s right - she sang her new song, "So This Is What Things Have Come To."
The Tinder app is now available in North Korea. It’s a little different over there: all the photos are of Kim Jong-Un.
The new "Mad Max" was filmed in an arid wasteland. Glad to see movie production coming back to California!
Cleveland Cavaliers star Lebron James has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president. Experts say LeBron’s endorsement will help Hillary Clinton win in Ohio and lose in Florida.
According to Egyptian television, Hosni Mubarak's son Gamal does not want to be Egypt's next president. Experts say it's no big deal – because if you've seen one Mubarek – you've seen G'mall.
Utah could elect its first black Republican woman to Congress. In other words, Utah finally got one black person and the first thing they want to do is send her to Washington.
It's been reported that the NAACP is taking a greater interest in attracting leaders from the gay community.  Which explains why they've renamed themselves "The National Association for the Advancement of Color-Coordinated People."
According to a new survey, teenagers believe the five most influential Americans are all YouTube stars. So, in other words, we’re about 15 years away from our President being a guy who gets hit in the balls with a skateboard.
In Louisiana, a male chimpanzee named Conan is still getting female chimps pregnant despite the fact that he's already had two vasectomies. According to zoo officials, this chimp is so incredibly virile and masculine, they've stopped calling him Conan.
Mitt Romney’s trying so hard to connect with the Latino community, today he had himself deported.
According to a new study, women are evolutionarily programmed to regret one night stands. At least, that has been my experience.
The Prime Minister of Greece has assured citizens that their wages and pensions are completely safe. Then, he stuffed The Parthenon in a duffle bag and fled the country.
I still remember our first night: We had on Radiohead, John Goodman, and Drew Barrymore. Then on night two, we started phoning it in.
So far, President-elect Donald Trump's cabinet is over 75% white men. It’s the first presidential cabinet in history to be sponsored by Dockers.
Today Iran began holding hold high-level talks about its nuclear program with six major world powers. The participants were the U.S., Russia, China, Britain, France and Oprah Winfrey.
It’s been found that one of Saturn’s moons has an atmosphere somewhat like Earth’s, except you can’t breathe the air, drink the water, or survive the surface temperature. Yet, still a better venue for the Summer Olympics than Rio.
I’m on vacation. Please keep Trump popular while I’m gone, I need him in the debates.
Let’s get one thing clear: I never joined HYDRA. They held a "free" buffet at my hotel and they made us watch a video but I never signed up.
The football season hasn’t started, but the Dallas Cowboys have already sent their season ticket holders playoff tickets. Not to be outdone, the Cleveland Browns already sent all their season ticket holders an apology. 
The Brazilian government has confirmed the existence of a primitive tribe in the Amazon jungle that has had no contact with the modern world.  In fact, the tribe is so primitive they live in huts and hang out at Blockbuster video.
Astronomers are trying to understand Jupiter’s big red spot. And why it, typically, just had to show up the night before Jupiter’s prom.
I just found out the "L" in Samuel L. Jackson stands for Laurence Fishburne.
In the Democratic primary for mayor of New York, Anthony Weiner came in last place, ran through a McDonald's to escape the porn star he sexted with, and as he drove away from reporters he gave them the finger.  So at least he went out with dignity.
Hulk Hogan says he no longer supports President Obama.  The President is not worried because he still has the support of the Iron Sheik and Triple H. 
The CDC says anyone flying to the US from Ebola-infected countries will be monitored for three weeks. Of course here in Los Angeles, monitoring a sick person for three weeks is known as "a reality show."
In an interview, Donald Trump said the experience of him being president is "surreal." When they heard this, Americans everywhere said "No shit."
The producers of the X-Men movies say their next X-Men movie will take place in the 1990’s. In it, the X-Men use their superpowers to try and stop the Backstreet Boys.
KFC has just released a fried chicken take-out container that fits inside your car’s cup holder. So the good news, folks, America DOES still work!
Right now in the US, the most popular name for baby girls is Emma. And the least popular names are Ashley and Madison.
The fear of getting stuck in a chimney is called santaclaustrophobia. I wrote that joke when I was eight, and it still holds up.
In Colorado, a man was accidentally released from prison 90 years too soon. In a related story, everyone in Colorado is high.
Because Republicans won't agree on President's Obama's proposals on raising the debt ceiling, the President may have to cancel his 50th birthday party. So it's worse than we thought—Republicans won't even let Obama raise his age.
Giraffes are gentle creatures who do not kill, except when asked one too many times, "How's the weather up there?"
South Korea has agreed to stop broadcasting insulting propaganda over the North Korean border. They’ve also canceled their Comedy Central Roast of Kim Jong-Un.
One of the women who sexted with Anthony Wiener has been cast in her first porn movie. When asked for comment, Anthony Weiner said, “See- I’m already creating jobs.”
This week, "The Price is Right" fans were upset when the show was interrupted by a speech from President Obama. Which is why today, it was reported that Obama’s approval rating has "COME ON DOWN!"
The final Harry Potter movie opened this weekend. Which means it's the first time in their lives Harry Potter fans have experienced a climax.
White Castle has confirmed that it’s opening a restaurant in Las Vegas. It’s perfect for people in Vegas looking for one more bad choice to make while drunk.
ABC has cast its first African-American woman as the "Bachelorette." It’s all part of "The Bachelorette’s" new motto, "Chlamydia Is Colorblind."
Kim Kardashian's mom Kris has revealed she once had an affair.  Then someone explained to Kim's Mom the guy that she had the affair with was actually Bruce Jenner before all that plastic surgery.
My wife and I have an understanding. When a gorgeous model comes on the show, my wife understands I'll do nothing.
I'm gonna go jump in that big pile of leaves. Wait, that's Larry King sitting on his lawn.
At a book signing, Hillary Clinton denied any friction with President Obama. Bill Clinton heard this and said, "That’s not the first time she’s denied friction with a President."
The White House has confirmed that President Obama received a letter from Moammar Gadhafi.  Officials won't reveal the content of the letter—except that it ends with the question, "Do you like me? Check ‘yes', ‘no', or ‘maybe.'"
In last night's debate, Newt Gingrich said voters want a president who's "prepared to be controversial." Which explains why Newt then turned to the crowd and yelled, "I love Nickelback!"
Starbucks announced that they will no longer allow guns in their stores.  Meanwhile, Dunkin' Donuts said, "There’s nothing you can bring in here that’s more dangerous that what we serve."
Former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez has been convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison. Hernandez’s lawyer plans to appeal and try to get his sentence down to two seasons with the New York Jets.
There’s a new startup in India that will deliver condoms within 30 minutes. Or as every guy calls that, "Way too late."
In a new interview, President Obama said he prays every night before bed.  Or as FOX News reported it, "Obama in daily talks with Allah."
The creators of "Glee" say that their Super Bowl episode will include "intense makeup, a couple of unexpected kisses, and a huge musical number with flaming whips." In other words, it's a rerun.
Does anyone know if I can return a $450,000 hovercraft without a receipt?
Rush Limbaugh is saying that President Obama is encouraging lesbians to become farmers. Then someone explained to Rush that’s just how lesbians dress.
Of all the pirates who sailed the seven seas, I’m pretty sure Bluetooth was the most annoying.
Not looking forward to the next Wolverine movie, where he fights his ultimate nemesis: “The Blackboard.”
Obamacare begins tomorrow, and you know what that means! Wait, actually, no, you probably don't know what that means.
To increase ratings, the hosts of the "Today" show had prostate exams on the air. Also to increase ratings, the hosts of "Good Morning America" did not.
Today is the 67th anniversary of D-Day the day the Allies landed at Normandy Beach during World War II.  Or as Sarah Palin calls it, "the day the Nazis fought the Vikings."
The other night on the X-Factor, Britney Spears said a 13-year-old contestant reminds her of herself.  The 13-year-old thanked Britney for her comment and immediately quit show business.
This weekend, Pope Francis did not attend a concert in Vatican City given in his honor. The Pope said, “I love all of mankind, but Josh Groban can suck it.”
Only 50 more days until the election. That’s according to my calendar, The Book of Revelation.
Today, 13 states are holding either primaries or caucuses in the big event called Super Tuesday. This year, Super Tuesday will be followed by "Holy Shit, Trump Won Everything Wednesday."
This year, producers have dropped the name "Academy Awards" and are just calling it "The Oscars" since that's how people refer to it. For the same reason, "The Tonys" are being renamed, "The Gay Olympics."
A man claiming to be William Shatner’s biological son is suing the actor for 170 million dollars. Shatner was shocked and said, "I’m an actor?"
Mitt Romney's staff played an April Fool's Day prank by taking Romney to a fake campaign event. And Newt Gingrich's campaign staff played an April Fool's prank on Newt by telling him, "Things are looking great—you should stay in the race!"
Meteorologists are predicting that the weather for the Inauguration tomorrow will be cold, damp, and dreary. However, things will warm up later in the afternoon, during The Rapture.
One of Hitler’s watercolor paintings is being auctioned off, and it’s expected to sell for over $60,000. So if you’re looking for a wedding gift for Charles Manson…
A new study says it costs $241,000 to raise a child to age 18. However, that's mostly due to the candy cigarette tax.
The vice presidential debate was last night and Democrat Tim Kaine is being criticized for repeatedly interrupting Mike Pence. Today Donald Trump said, "Who does he think he is, me?"
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford defended Justin Bieber, but said he’s not a fan of Bieber’s music. Ford said, "There’s not enough crack in the world."
Fox analyst Ralph Peters was suspended after he called President Obama "a total p****" live on television. Which is shocking, since the name of the Fox News show is, "President Obama is a Total P**** And Friends."
Taco Bell’s CEO says its employees are studying the lingo of millennials to better connect with them. That explains their new menu item, "The Doritos Los Crushing Student Loan Debt Taco."
According to a brand new poll, 70% of Latinos said they plan to vote for President Obama.  The other 30% would, but Mit Romney won't give them the day off work to vote.  Let's just say he's got a big lawn.
It was pointed out that Donald Trump’s immigration policy would have prevented his own grandfather from coming to America. That explains his new campaign slogan, "Vote Trump, to prevent another Trump."
Yesterday, an Alabama man was sentenced to three days in jail for wearing saggy pants to his court hearing. Of course, in jail they're not called saggy pants—they're called "a head start."
North Korea reported that there was a US-sponsored plot launched against Kim Jong-Un. Apparently two CIA agents tried to sneak up on Kim and give him a man’s haircut.
At a closed door meeting, some Republicans said they fear for their physical safety if they repeal Obamacare. In other words, Republicans are now in the awkward position of needing Obamacare if they get rid of Obamacare.
50 Cent has filed for bankruptcy. When asked how he lost so much money, 50 said, "I guess I should have been more 'thriddy.'"
The Navy is facing a lot of criticism today for naming their newest combat ship after Andrew Jackson. So to completely avoid controversy, they’re going to rename the ship after Michael Jackson.
In India, a man opened a clothing store named "Hitler", claiming he didn't know who Adolf Hitler was. To apologize, he closed down the store and opened up his new restaurant "Osama Bin Ramen."
There is a rumor that the San Diego Chargers might move to Los Angeles. The Chargers could be here for the 2016 season, or the 2017 season depending on traffic.
In New York, a woman is claiming that Ryan Gosling saved her from getting hit by a taxi.  Then today in New York, thousands of women were injured jumping in front of cabs.
A photo has emerged of Justin Bieber licking the nipple of a stripper. In his defense, he is still nursing. 
The NFL has hired its first full-time female referee. It should work out great, because if there are two things NFL players respect, it’s authority and women.
Volkswagen has been caught installing secret devices that help them cheat on emissions tests. The CEO of Volkswagen said, "I miss the less controversial times here at VW when all we did was make cars for Hitler."
Due to the tough economy, two of the world's biggest publishing houses have decided to merge.  In fact, they're only going to publish one book this year, "50 Shades of Harry Potter."
Justin Bieber apologized to the President Clinton for what he did to his photo. In return, Clinton apologized for what he did to a photo of Selena Gomez.
A new report out of Chicago reveals that the crime rate plummets during an NFL game. Mainly because the most dangerous criminals are busy on the field.
Political analysts are saying Hillary Clinton should stop telling people she’s poor. And Bill Clinton should stop telling people he’s single.
Both candidates are practicing for the debates, and according to insiders, Hillary Clinton is still trying to find a stand in for Donald Trump. So far the best she’s come up with is a car alarm stuffed inside a rotting pumpkin.
A marijuana activist group is planning a protest at the White House on April 2nd. They’re expected to show up around May 9th.
The downside of fame? I can’t walk out of a nice restaurant without immediately getting harassed and hounded by a waiter holding the bill.
There's over 65 streets named Peachtree in Atlanta. Yesterday I punched Peachtree into my GPS and it committed suicide.
Despite a week of being called a racist, Paula Deen’s new cookbook is already on Amazon’s bestseller list. As a result, Rachel Ray just declared she’s not crazy about Mexicans.
Can’t wait to say "hold on - scrolling," when someone asks me for the time on my Apple Watch.
A new study says that men who take drugs for ED have significantly more STDs. Also, men who take drugs for STDs have a lot of STDs.
The left shark who completely forgot its dance routine in Katy Perry’s halftime show has become a star on social media. And the right shark has begun a slow descent into heroin addiction.
In Michigan, a man was too drunk to drive so he had his 9-year-old daughter drive their van for him.  As he was being arrested he told the girl, "I'm gonna need a lawyer – go get your little brother!"
Arnold Schwarzenegger was in his homeland of Austria today and said he misses Schnitzel. By the way, Schnitzel is the name of his Austrian love child.
Last night, President Trump’s tax return from 2005 was released, showing that he paid $38 million in taxes. Trump would have paid more but he listed Vladimir Putin as a dependent.
A rare white giraffe has been spotted in Africa. The white giraffe was immediately captured and nominated for an Oscar.
Developers are working on an app that will sense when you are depressed and urge you to seek help. The app is called the "iNotice You're Playing A Lot of Adele."
People think they've found the old internet dating profile of WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange and now it's been posted online.  After hearing about it, Assange was furious and said, "Some things are supposed to be private."
According to a new book, Michelle Obama’s nickname for Hillary Clinton is "Hildebeest." The book also says her nickname for Joe Biden is, "Oh sh**, here comes Joe Biden." 
T-Mobile and Sprint are in talks for a possible merger. The merger will happen after T-Mobile texts Sprint at 2am and asks, "U up?"
North Korea has announced that it is developing its own smartphone. Unfortunately, the phones are so smart, they’ve already escaped from North Korea.
Over the weekend, Russian President Vladimir Putin scored eight goals during a hockey game. It happened just after he had the goalie executed.
Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly told viewers that Santa Claus was white. Then she said Santa’s elves are Mexican and they’re stealing jobs from American elves.
In the Antarctic, a massive ice shelf is melting, which in a few centuries, will leave Florida underwater. But don’t worry—scientists are working hard to make sure that happens a lot sooner.
The US Postal Service has lost $2 billion this Spring. Postal officials are busy emailing each other wondering how this could happen.
A Northwestern University professor apologized Saturday for letting a couple demonstrate the use of a sex toy after one of his classes. In particular because the class he teaches is "Introduction to Medieval German Literature."
A new study finds that when it comes to dangerous chemicals, most sex toys are safer than children’s toys. A notable exception is the LEGO Anal Avenger.
It turns out the typical Academy member who votes for the Oscars is in their mid-60s.  That's good news for the movie "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" because it's the only movie they can see and hear.
A new study has proven that animals do indeed have personalities. As expected, the study also confirmed that all cats are dicks.
Mel Gibson's father has filed for divorce. I hope his parents make it clear to Mel, it's not his fault—it's the Jews.
In the Tostitos BCS Championship game, Auburn defeated Oregon to win the National Championship trophy, presented by Dr. Pepper.  But the real winner was diabetes.
A member of the group ABBA is opening up an ABBA-themed restaurant where you sing and dance along with the waiters. It’s being called "a great place to take that special someone and finally tell them you’re gay."
The NBA has banned Donald Sterling for life for his racist comments. You know if Sterling has a problem with black people, maybe he should think about owning a hockey team.
A company just came out with a car that will retail for only $3,000. They're calling this revolutionary vehicle the "1997 Corolla."
As part of a current trend, in Florida, a two year old accidentally got served alcohol at an Olive Garden.  Even more surprising, his parents accidentally got served Italian food at an Olive Garden.
Yesterday, the tightrope walker from Madonna's half time show said, "My nuts are fine."  What's strange is that he said this in response to the question, "What's it like to work with Madonna?"
The very first Academy Awards ceremony lasted 15 minutes.  And thanks to the fast forward button on my DVR, so will this year’s. 
Senator John McCain is refusing to come out and label President Trump a draft dodger. McCain says, "I prefer the term, 'wartime pussy.'"
The NFL is considering hiring a mother of three to be a referee.  They wanted someone who’s used to giving time-outs.
In a new interview, Hillary Clinton said her guilty pleasure is eating chocolate. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton said his guilty pleasure is being Bill Clinton.
Budweiser has launched a campaign where you can use Facebook to buy beer for a friend. That explains Budweiser’s new slogan, "Why be online and lonely when you can be online, lonely, and drunk?"
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie wants to extend the 7 train into New Jersey. When asked what's wrong with the Lincoln tunnel, Christie said, "You try squeezing through that thing!"
Yesterday, Dennis Rodman tweeted to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to "Do me a solid." Then today, Rodman told German Chancellor Angela Merkel to  "back that ass up."
Hillary Clinton is airing her first attack ad against Donald Trump that mentions him by name. Before now, her ads would only refer to Trump as "A-Hole McWeirdHair."
Taylor Swift cancelled a radio contest to meet her “biggest fan” when it turned out her biggest fan was a man nearly twice her age. Man, nothing’s working out for Anthony Weiner these days.
The debt deal calls for the formation of a "Super Congress" to take on tougher decisions down the road.  In case you're wondering, a "Super Congress" consists of 6 Congressmen from each party, plus Wolverine.
A photo has surfaced of Justin Bieber groping a fan's breast.  Bieber said, "I wasn't groping the breast, I'm still breast-feeding."
Whenever I want a little peace and quiet, I just fill a studio with 200 people and go out and do a monologue.
A new dating website allows users to post their STD results straight from the clinic. The site is called "Ew-Harmony.com."
The cast of "Modern Family" have delayed production for the new season due to a contract dispute. I think I speak on behalf of men everywhere when I say, "Give Sofia Vergara whatever she wants."
The man who created the first internet pop-up ad says he is sorry. The man also says a 15 minute call to Geico could save you 15% on car insurance.
During her acceptance speech last night, Patricia Arquette called for equal pay for women. Then, Oprah stood up and said, "She’s right, I can’t live like this."
Some parents in California are mad that a kindergarten teacher read their kids a book about transgenderism. It was the Dr. Seuss classic, "Cat in the Hat Who Identifies as a Dog."
My New Year'z rezolution iz to have more fun with Z's.
Rick Santorum has said that, if elected president, he would ban hard-core pornography. Which is why Mitt Romney just changed his slogan to "Mitt Romney: Because Santorum Would Ban Hard-Core Pornography."
Scientists are hoping to use quinoa to fight world hunger. After hearing this, hungry people all around the world said, "Actually, we’re good."
According to new statistics, Pope Francis is the most talked-about person on the internet. Not only that, he has the most viewed profile on Christian Mingle.
If I owned a sneaker store I would totally have a March Madness Arch Sadness Sale.
Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner are being accused of stealing the ideas of other clothing designers. They’re also being accused of stealing YEARS OF OUR LIVES.
If Costco is just a grocery store on steroids, then Wal-Mart is just a 7-Eleven with type 2 diabetes.
Today, the Pope made his last public appearance. That is, until the new season of "Dancing with the Stars."
The man who got a Romney/Ryan tattoo on his face said he is "totally disappointed" with how the election turned out.  The man said he hasn't been this disappointed since he got that tramp stamp for the movie John Carter.
A new report just came out and revealed that interns at Apple make nearly $80,000 a year in return for complete confidentiality. This news was leaked by an intern who made $79,000.
The man who got the Mitt Romney face tattoo is having it removed because he says Romney "has no dignity." Then someone explained once you have a face tattoo, you're no longer allowed to talk about dignity.
Scientists have discovered a 55 million year old fossil which makes it the world’s oldest primate fossil. Or as Larry King calls it, Wife #2.
Fox News said it will investigate multiple accusations against Bill O'Reilly for sexually harassing female co-workers. Apparently, for years O’Reilly has been telling female co-workers their breasts are "fair and balanced."
A high school girl has invited Joe Biden to be her prom date. However, her father is refusing to let her go with a guy who can't really describe what he does for a living.
Today, Al Gore met with Donald Trump to discuss climate change. To try to explain it in terms Trump would understand, Gore said "the planet is getting hotter than your daughter Ivanka."
The Cardinals are in seclusion until they choose a new pope and they don't have access to the internet.  This is to keep them from being exposed to any press rumors more important – any ‘Walking Dead' spoilers.
President Obama's re-election campaign has launched a new contest where contributors can win a chance to have dinner with the President. Or if you come in second, "A mid-afternoon Hot Pocket with Joe Biden."
After a tie with Portugal, the US soccer team now faces Germany on Thursday. If the US team beats Germany, they advance, and if they lose, Americans go back to hating soccer.
While working on the LA subway, construction workers have discovered fossils from the ice age. The fossils belong to the last creature to ever use the Los Angeles subway.
Justin Bieber’s tour bus was stopped at the border and police found marijuana inside.  Bieber said, “Oh come on- if that were pot, wouldn’t my music be better?”
They are still counting votes in Florida.  They're still counting votes even though the election is no longer in doubt and the people who cast them are no longer living.
TMZ and babies both derive their life-sustenance from nip-slips.
In Canada, a hockey fan was fined $200 for making a racist insult at a black hockey player. Or, as he's known in Canada, the black hockey player.
A South Carolina legislator wants to ban prison inmates from using Facebook.  A spokesperson for the inmates said, "They can take away our Facebook but they can't stop us from poking each other."
A man who ordered a television off of Amazon, was shocked because Amazon instead sent him a rifle. Which means somewhere, a hunter is trying to kill a deer by making it watch "Real Housewives of New Jersey." 
Facebook has announced that the site will still show your page after you die. However, Facebook will change your relationship status to "it’s complicated."
A member of Congress said that unemployment benefits basically pay people to "not work." He said the only people who should be paid for not working are members of Congress.
A new report says America’s fast food restaurants are seeking alternatives to the term "fast food." So far the leading choices are "fast-crafted" "fine casual" and "just trust us it’s meat."
Donald Trump wants to see if people think he should run for President so a website has been launched called shouldtrumprun.com. The American public has responded with their own website, no.com.
According to sources, the Tupac hologram that performed at Coachella is set to go on tour. I don't know what the big deal is, my hologram has been hosting this show since December.
The group of activists known as Anonymous hacked the KKK’s Twitter account this weekend. People got suspicious when the KKK began tweeting from a Lil Wayne concert.  
President Trump had the JFK files declassified. Trump said, "I can take the class out of anything."
The factory that makes fake vomit is still in Illinois. #USA
A new study shows that nearly 50% of all workers think they could do a better job than their boss. The number jumps to 100% if their boss is Conan O'Brien.
I named my dog "Spot." It doesn’t sound hip but it’s short for "Spotify."
Potential Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich, who famously cheated on wife number 2 with wife number 3, says that he now prays for "God's forgiveness." He said he also prays that wife number 3 never finds out about Vanessa.
A resort in Mexico has opened the world's first underwater bar. And shortly afterwards, it became host to the world’s slowest bar fight ever.
Google has announced their "strangest Google searches of 2010" – and #1 on the list is "Can a horse have OCD?"  Apparently the search was made 50 times a day – every day – by a horse.
In Delaware, a couple was arrested for having sex on the roof of a Chipotle. A spokesman for Chipotle said, "That’s not what we meant by ‘Choose Your Own Filling.'"
This week, a man wearing a "Make America Great Again" hat caused a disruption and was removed from an international flight. It’s the first time a sitting president has been kicked off Air Force One.
You can put the word "blood" in front of "oranges" and people will still eat them. Don’t even try it, bananas.
Scientists believe they may have found a plant that is over a billion years old. Turns out it’s the lettuce on a Carl’s Jr. burger.
At the Daytime Emmys, the soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful" won four awards. Among the Emmys it won were "Best Drama Series," "Best Supporting Actor" and "Last Soap Opera Still on the Air."
In Iraq, ISIS is on the verge of total defeat. You can tell ISIS is pretty much on the way out, because they’ve already been booked to appear on next season's "Dancing With the Stars."
The CDC has released new guidelines about what health care workers should wear to protect themselves when treating Ebola patients. For starters, this Halloween they’ve outlawed the “Slutty Hazmat Suit.”
Archaeologists have found a 2,600-year-old engraved tablet of a mother giving birth. It shows the mother, the father, and some people wondering who the creepy engraver with the tablet is.
According to a new survey that just came out, 44% of people would rather take a longer flight that costs more than fly United Airlines. When they heard this, American Airlines said "Done and done."
BP’s ruptured oil well is almost plugged, and just as I was starting to enjoy the taste of petroleum-snapper.
In a new interview, Rick Perry said it was a mistake for him to participate in the Presidential Debates.  Perry said, "I'm not one of those word talkers."
Anyone else lie awake at night wondering how to steal Jason Bateman's likability?
As of this week, the only state President Obama hasn’t visited while in office is South Dakota. South Dakota residents said they are looking forward to President Obama or any black person visiting soon.
Jeb Bush supporters accidentally sent out a flyer where it looks like Jeb’s head is Photoshopped onto a black man’s body. After hearing about it, Jeb’s wife said, "If only."
A lot of people want Ted Cruz to win, but are we ready for a President that’s a melting candle?
The deal reached by President Obama and Congressional leaders would raise the debt ceiling until the year 2013.  But here's the best part, it prevents another Smurfs movie until the year 2014.
After his initial sex scandal, New York Mayoral Candidate Anthony Weiner sent out more explicit pictures online under the alias, Carlos Danger. At a press conference, Weiner apologized and said, “This will never happen again or my name isn’t Carlos Danger.”
Over the weekend, Herman Cain told reporters, "When people get on the Cain train, they don't get off."  After hearing this, everyone in America sued Herman Cain for sexual harassment.
Health officials are reporting that thousands of Americans have been sent to the ER due to injuries from tanning beds. The report appeared in the "The Journal of Stories That Make Black People Laugh."
A hotel in the United Arab Emirates has unveiled the most expensive Christmas tree ever, valued at 11 million dollars.  I never thought I'd say this, but I believe the United Arab Emirates has lost sight of the meaning of Christmas!
In Beijing, because pollution has reached 35 times the safety level, children have been ordered to stay home. This could mean a delay for anyone who ordered a new iPhone.
A lot of people excited because the government may be legally required to release a video of the Osama bin Laden killing. Don't get too excited; for some reason, it costars Katherine Heigl.
To pay for his wall, Donald Trump is proposing a 20% tax on all imports from Mexico. Man, this is really going to drive up the price of those Trump piñatas.
MSNBC reports there's been a nationwide shortage of drugs for ADD.  I think there was more to the story but I lost interest.
Scientists have created a rudimentary model of the human brain that operates at a low functioning level. However they haven’t been able to run any experiments because all it wants to do is watch "Duck Dynasty."
Marco Rubio opposes gay marriage. He says every religion he’s joined is against it.
A new report finds Los Angeles to be one of the most energy-wasting cities in the country. The main culprit? My applause sign.
Kanye proposed to Kim Kardashian on the field where the San Francisco Giants play. In other words, it wasn’t the first error ever made there.
Officials are concerned that people in Los Angeles are too apathetic about the drought. Of course that’ll change next week when they announce the drought is killing all the marijuana crops. 
This week in Florida, an 89-year-old woman graduated from college.  There was an awkward moment at the end of the ceremony – when she tossed her hat in the air – and her arm went with it.
Today I’m gonna get high and see if the Nixon tapes sync up to Pink Floyd.
Everyone’s OK, but a rapper has been arrested for allegedly stabbing an NFL player. The rapper is being charged with “impersonating an NFL player.”
In its first report, the Mars Rover says it has found a number of chemicals on Mars but none of them capable of sustaining life. However they are the ingredients used to make a Doritos Locos Taco.
Legal experts speculate that Arnold Schwarzenegger may have to give Maria Shriver up to $100 million in a divorce. When asked for comment, Arnold said, "But I have families to support!"
New Barbies will come in different sizes and with more realistic body types. Not only that, the new Ken dolls come with beer googles.
Ivanka Trump cut short an interview with Cosmo because of what she said was all the "negativity." Which is weird because all the interviewer said was, "So, your dad is Donald Trump, right?"
There’s a new car coming out from BMW that’s partially made from hemp. It’s the only car in the world that people actually hope catches on fire.
It has come out that Patriots' fans turned to porn immediately after the Super Bowl. Well ladies and gentlemen, as a Patriot’s fan, I’d just like to say that I, for one, waited for my guests to leave.
Mark Zuckerberg has reportedly invested millions of dollars into a computer that can think and speak like a person. The computer is known as "Mark Zuckerberg."
Everyone’s okay, but the state of Texas recently experienced nine earthquakes in just one day. But not to worry: Texas scientists say they are hard at work figuring out exactly what God was angry about.
Former KISS star Ace Frehley is facing foreclosure on his New York home. To save money, the former Kiss guitarist will only rock and roll only half of the night, and party every other day.
Saint Patrick’s Day is named for Saint Patrick, the first guy to feed Guinness to a snake.
In a new interview, Miley Cyrus said she is one of "the biggest feminists in the world." She said, "No one has done more than me to encourage women to lick the glass ceiling."
It was so hot today, Miley Cyrus was twerking against a block of ice.
On Valentine’s Day, the most popular search terms on Pornhub are "love," and "romance." Those searches result in the message, "What’s your problem? This is Pornhub."
It's being reported that the Santorum campaign has raised at least $300,000 by selling sweater vests.  Meanwhile, the Newt Gingrich campaign has made twice that by selling Spanx for men.
A health group is concerned about a growing trend of women getting surgery to create "designer vaginas." However, for women on a budget, there's also the popular "Old Navy Vagina."
In a recent interview, Kim Kardashian revealed that she used to pray to God for her breasts to stop growing. Apparently God said, "Fine - Just wait’ll you see what I do to your a**."
Three of the Secret Service agents involved in the sex and cocaine scandal are now leaving the agency.  On the bright side, they're going to have one hell of a going away party.
Facebook is reportedly introducing a version of its website designed to be used at work. This new version of Facebook is called "Facebook."
In Oakland, California, for the first time, a marijuana company will be publicly traded. It’s the first ever stock that you can buy high, AND sell high.
Some conservatives are saying that Mitt Romney's trip overseas was a disaster and he should have stayed home.  In response, Romney said, "But some of my favorite homes are overseas."
I can't imagine Donald Trump laughing. Except maybe at a forest fire.
A political analyst for CNN compared the level of bickering between the 2 presidential candidates to fighting on the "Real Housewives" shows.  After hearing this, President Obama said, "Don't blame me, blame that lying bitch Mitt Romney."
I saw the "Entourage" movie and the guy sitting behind me complained that I wouldn’t put on my fedora.
Any Walmart can be a cool, smoky jazz bar if you bring your own jazz band and smoke machine.
A representative from PETA has written Honey Boo Boo a letter urging her not to eat her new pet chicken.  So instead, Honey Boo Boo's mom ate the representative from PETA. 
In times of crisis or danger I will always be right behind you, sofa.
During Super Bowl celebrations in Philadelphia yesterday, an Eagles fan got so carried away, he ate horse poop right off the street. In his defense, the man thought it was dog poop.
Period. Word order DOES matter.
The FDA is approving a device that tells you when you've had enough to eat. The device is called "a belt."
A major Snowstorm has hit the east coast.  And in Washington DC, everything ground to a halt, absolutely no work got done, and then the snowstorm hit.
A man got a tattoo saying Kentucky won the NCAA tournament this year, even though they lost. The tattoo is right above his tattoo congratulating President Mitt Romney.
The new Pope is a very popular, highly regarded intellectual, and an outspoken advocate for social justice. And ladies, he's sin-gle!
The US and Iran could reach an agreement by which Iran would get rid of 4,000 of its uranium-enriching centrifuges. And here’s better news: everyone here tonight is leaving with a free uranium-enriching centrifuge.
Donald Trump is now saying that his immigration policies would have prevented 9/11. Trump is also claiming his hair would have kept the Titanic afloat.
We live in a representative democracy where elected officials are accountable to the people. APRIL FOOLS!
My favorite thing about November? Limited Edition Turkey M&M’s.
During a recent interview, Herman Cain said he wants people to know there is more between his ears than pepperoni and pizza sauce. He then said, "There's also a few napkins and some crazy bread."
A new study just came out, and it says that exercising too much can be just as unhealthy as not being active at all. The study was conducted by me, after two and a half pushups.
A writer for "Orange is the New Black" is divorcing her husband after realizing, through writing the show, that she's a lesbian. Which is interesting, because after watching that show I’ve discovered that I’m a lesbian.
This morning, Apple stock dropped 5% despite their announcement of the new iPhone 5S. Apple said they expect the stock to bounce back next week when they announce the iPhone 6.
A pitcher for the Chicago Cubs who was supposed to start a spring training game accidentally drove to the wrong stadium. The Cubs pitcher realized he was at the wrong stadium the moment he saw hope in the eyes of a fan.
A new poll reveals that only 1 in 4 Americans believe President Trump has actually "drained the swamp." However, 3 out of 4 Americans believe Trump has "peed in the pool."
According to a new study, marijuana use in America has doubled in the past decade. And apparently, it’s all thanks to one dude named Brody.
Experts say New York's new gay marriage bill could bring $210 million into the state's economy. Even more surprising, all of that would be from one crazy gay bachelor party.
Many are shocked that "The Lego Movie" was not nominated for best animated picture. It’s shocking because when you think about it, the Academy has a long tradition of honoring plastic people with frozen faces.
Jeb Bush announced he is running for president on Snapchat. By using Snapchat, Bush’s message will disappear after 10 seconds, just like the excitement over his campaign.
Over the weekend, some of the anti-Trump protests turned violent in Portland. Portland doctors reported a sharp increase in "handlebar mustache injuries."
In Germany, a man working out at a gym got his penis caught in a 5-pound weight. Now, in fairness, on Fridays, he does "legs, back, and penis."
The newest craze in book publishing is novels about the Amish.  Which explains the #1 New York Times bestseller, "How Jebediah Got His Groove Back."
This morning, while CNN and MSNBC were covering the Manafort indictments, Fox News did a story about the cheeseburger emoji. Just to keep you up to date - the cheeseburger emoji is still claiming it did not collude with Russia to hijack the election.
50 Girl Scouts camped out on the White House lawn with Michelle Obama and earned their "outdoor badge." Bill Clinton said, "Hey, I slept on the White House lawn plenty of times and I never got a badge."
Tomorrow Justin Bieber turns 18.  Which is a relief for me because starting tomorrow, my Justin Bieber backpack and matching lunchbox will not seem so creepy.
After an interview on "Good Morning America," singer Chris Brown reportedly threw a chair and stormed out of the building.  So I guess the big news here is, Chris Brown has been dating a chair.
Lakers star Ron Artest is in trouble for working a plug for In-N-Out Burger into a post-game interview. All I can say is how dare he make a shameless plug in the Staples Center?
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie says that his blood pressure, cholesterol, and asthma are under control. He said, "I'm as healthy as every other 600 pound man from New Jersey."
Yesterday was Keith Richards’ birthday. He would have been 73.
Sources say LeBron James might skip the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. You know Rio is in bad shape when you’d rather spend the summer in Cleveland.
One of the moms from "Toddlers & Tiaras" is suing media outlets, claiming they tried to "sexualize" her daughter.  The mom said, "They turned an innocent pole dance by a three year old into something dirty."
A woman from Eastern Europe participated in a sex marathon, and she had sex with 5,000 men. After hearing this, the 5,000th guy said, "What? I thought we had something." 
Glenn Beck has announced he's leaving his Fox News channel show this year. Even more surprising, Beck said he's leaving so he can marry his life-partner, "Abdul Gonzalez."
For tomorrow's debate, President Obama's advisers have been working with him to keep his responses short. In fact, the only words the President plans on saying are - "Bin Laden" and "Dead."
Chelsea Clinton says that she will dedicate 2014 to giving her parents a grandchild. In return, Bill Clinton said he will dedicate 2014 to giving Chelsea Clinton a half-sister.
Despite being involved in 3 scandals, President Obama's approval rating is at a relatively high 53%. Americans everywhere said, "Let us know when it involves an intern and oral sex."
Over the weekend in New York, two Occupied Wall Street protesters got married at the protests. The two are registered at Bed, Bath and, Seriously, You Need to Take a Bath.
Hillary Clinton is in trouble for conducting State Department business on private email. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton is in trouble for conducting all his business on Snapchat.
Yesterday, Richard Blanco became America's first openly gay Latino inauguration poet. Afterwards, Blanco said, "I'm living proof that anyone can overcome the obstacle of being a poet."
McDonald's has added apple slices to their Happy Meals.  And, an hour later, McDonald's added cheese and beef to their apple slices.
A Mexico City man now has the world’s largest collection of "Harry Potter" memorabilia. You can see it at his home, "La Casa De No Sexo."
Apple was forced to release instructions to help iTunes users erase the free U2 album they got last week.  Apple knew there was a problem when Bono said, "How do I get this thing off my iPhone?"
Dermatologists are warning that the popular new hairstyle "man buns" could lead to baldness. Even worse, it could also lead to "wearing flip flops."
A few days after Rudy Giuliani said that President Obama doesn’t love America, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker said he doesn’t know if Obama is a Christian. When reached for comment, President Obama said, "Guys, you know I can’t run in 2016, right?"
“Am I Groot?” (Groot having an identity crisis)
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker, is warning voters that Mitt Romney is not human. However, on the other side of the aisle, Yoda has been saying, "Obama In America Born Wasn't."
The Texas Rangers stadium now offers a new two-foot-long hot dog.  The hot dog's called "The Overcompensator."
Today in California a couple out walking their dog found 10 million dollars worth of rare coins buried in the ground. It’s the biggest stash of coins found since Oprah had her couch cushions cleaned.
The big film at the box office was the fifth "Die Hard" movie. This one's entitled, "Why Won't You Just Die Already?
The Presidential Debate moderators have been announced. Congratulations to Lester Holt, Anderson Cooper, and Cee-Lo.
For the second year in a row, Johnny Depp has been named Forbes magazine’s Most Overpaid Actor. After hearing this, Nicolas Cage said, "What do I have to do?"
Apple’s new operating system lets users give Siri a male-sounding voice. The sad part is, every time you ask him a question, he says, “Let me ask my wife” and then it’s right back to the female voice.
While giving a speech in Iowa, Michelle Obama mispronounced the name of a Democratic candidate seven times. Someone finally had to tell her, "It’s pronounced ‘Hillary Clinton.'"
Michelle Obama & Bill Clinton were Grammy-nominated in the category "Best Spoken Word Album." Michelle was nominated for the audio version of her book, "American Grown," Bill Clinton was nominated for the audio version of "50 Shades of Grey."
One of the latest trends is ATM machines where transactions are conducted by a human teller. The cutting-edge device is being called “a bank.”
Optimists own garbage cans. Pessimists own garbage can’ts.
Just 26 more shopping days until Jimmy Buffett's birthday.
Forbes Magazine has come out with its list of the richest people in America and one of them is the CEO of Starbucks.  His secret: he doesn't buy his coffee from Starbucks.
Parts of the Berlin Wall have been removed despite a protest led by David Hasselhoff.   The thick crumbling structure that didn't last very long into the ‘90's said the Wall shouldn't be removed.
In North America yesterday, for a few seconds, the entire internet went down. Or, as it's known in my house, "The Day I Spoke to my Wife."
With only five months to go before the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazilian organizers are having a lot of trouble selling tickets. Not helping is their promotional offer: "Your Second Bout of Zika Is Free."
Arizona and Florida are holding primaries today. Arizonans are voting for either John McCain or Kelli Ward, while Floridians are voting for either bath salts or meth.
The TSA announced it’s going to start using “more intimate contact" for its screenings. You’ll still be allowed to bring up to three ounces of liquid, but it has to be a lubricant.
In Iowa yesterday, a voter approached Newt Gingrich and called him an "effing asshole."  Then Newt turned to an aide and said, "Who let my first wife in here?"
At a NASCAR race over the weekend, Danica Patrick caused a three-car accident, and one of the cars was her boyfriend’s.  Afterwards, Danica said, “In fairness, he has been bugging me to have a three-way.”
A company has come out with a kit that helps you carve pornographic images into a pumpkin.  The kit is being marketed under the name "The Amish Internet."
This week, the Democratic Convention takes place in Charlotte, and one of the speakers will be Bill Clinton.  Out of habit, Clinton told Hillary that he was nowhere near Charlotte, he doesn't know who Charlotte is, and Charlotte is a liar.
President Obama filled in as the coach this weekend for his daughter Sasha's basketball team.  Sasha clearly listened to her dad because all she did was drive straight down the center and piss everyone off.
In France this weekend, far-right-wing candidate Marine Le Pen lost the presidential election by millions of votes. And here’s the cool part, in France, if you lose by millions of votes that means you don’t get to be president.
Last night, Melissa Gilbert suffered a concussion on "Dancing with the Stars."  It's the first time anyone connected with that show has actually seen stars.
Victoria's Secret has unveiled a new $2 million bra encrusted with diamonds, topaz, and sapphire. They're calling it "Perfect for the woman who wants to get to second base with a gay man."
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie announced that they're engaged.  Apparently, Pitt got down on one knee and accidentally knelt on a kid.
Over the weekend, Donald Trump sent out angry tweets blasting civil rights legend John Lewis. So I guess we all celebrate Martin Luther King Day differently.
A Federal court has ruled that the US Postal Service must reduce its stamp prices. The change in stamp prices is expected to affect as many as seven Americans.
According to a new survey, 83% of prostitutes have Facebook pages.  You can tell which Facebook pages belong to prostitutes, because they list their Relationship Status as "It's Simple."
The Westminster Dog Show was won by a beagle named Miss P. Meanwhile, the dog in second place was heard complaining, "Whose crotch did SHE have to sniff?"
Ann Romney's Olympic horse is named "Rafalca." When asked why she picked Rafalca, she said, "I needed a silly name that no one's ever heard of before and "Mitt" was taken."
Gay Republicans are pushing for pro-LGBT language in the GOP platform. In response, the GOP said "Not gonna happen, girlfriend."
New research shows that William Shakespeare may have been a marijuana user. I’m sorry, I find that absurd - Shakespeare wrote 37 plays, he was obviously a cocaine user.
This week, millions of Americans await the return of the Twinkie, while millions of British citizens await the arrival of the royal baby. So we’re both waiting for something that’s small, soft and will probably last 80 years.
Today, Mitt and Ann Romney cast votes near their home in Massachusetts.  Then, they cast votes near their homes in Virginia, Ohio and Florida. 
Bernie Sanders says his campaign is trying to appeal now to senior citizens. The problem is, every time Bernie says, "Feel the Bern," the seniors think he’s talking about acid reflux.
Pope Francis revealed that he used to work as a nightclub bouncer. In the same interview, he announced that on Tuesday nights, ladies get into heaven for free.
New research suggests that people are more likely to eat vegetables if they have a tempting name. I think they’re right, because today for lunch I had a MILF Porn Kale Salad.
The Republican presidential candidates are having a debate today at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. It was going to be at the George W. Bush Library, but they couldn't fit all eight candidates into the "bouncy house."
Over the weekend, Donald Sterling visited an African-American church. In a related story, Donald Sterling is missing. 
In Oklahoma, a woman was arrested with a gun in her vagina and bags of meth in her butt. She's facing charges, but on the plus side she has been hired as the new spokesperson for the Container Store.
In a new interview, Ted Cruz said, "I’ve changed a lot of diapers." After hearing this, Bernie Sanders made him his running mate.
How embarrassing. My son opened a box labeled "Daddy's Things - Private" and found all my Styx cassettes.
It was announced that President Obama will visit Pope Francis. The president said, "I’m looking forward to meeting the one old white guy who’s not bashing Obamacare."
Disney is coming under fire for raising the price of admission to Disneyland to $92. Even worse, it now costs you $50 to just get OUT of “It’s a Small World.”
On Oprah's final show today, she thanked her 4th grade teacher for believing in her when no one else did. Things got uncomfortable when the teacher looked at Oprah Winfrey and said, "I'm sorry—I don't remember you."
The new CEO of Yahoo said that her priorities are "God, family and Yahoo – in that order." When reached for comment, God and her family said, "I think she should worry more about Yahoo."
John Lasseter, the creator of Toy Story, announced he is taking a leave of absence from Pixar amid allegations of sexual harassment. He also apologized for naming his lead character "Woody."
With the web shutting down, people are finding substitutes to the most popular sites. Wikipedia users are going to Google, and creepy guys on Craigslist are going to Bus Station Bathrooms.
Two days after the Osama bin Laden raid, Disney trademarked the name "Seal Team 6."  Disney also renamed their most popular ride, "It's a small world, and we will find where you're hiding and kill you."
In Britain, a man is suing because his doctor removed the wrong testicle.  His doctor said, "I know I screwed up but if he gives me one more chance, I'm sure I can get it right."
Photos surfaced recently of El Chapo drinking a beer and flying a plane. Sounds like we’ve got a new "most interesting man in the world."
Usher has announced that his next single will be available exclusively in boxes of Honey Nut Cheerios. The single is called, "I Can’t Believe It’s Come To This."
In Florida this week, 450 women broke the world record for the largest bikini parade.  And at the same time, 50,000 men broke the world record for most creeps in one place.
There's a new beer coming out that contains marijuana. Unfortunately, the inventor cannot for the life of him remember how he made it.
Campbell's Soups announced its sales have fallen by almost 10%.  Some are blaming this on the unpopularity of Campbell's new flavor, "Cream of Charlie Sheen."
The poverty rate in the US is at its highest since the 1960s. It's gotten so bad, today, Mitt Romney's butler had to let his butler go.
Carly Simon finally reveals who the song "You’re so vain" is about: Lester Holt.
Chris Christie is being accused of getting back at a political rival by blocking access to the George Washington Bridge.  Christie said, "I never blocked access to the GWB, I blocked access to a KFC."
Scientists in Japan have recently discovered a drug that may be able to stop men from cheating. The drug is called cyanide.
Seattle Seahawks player Richard Sherman is under fire for trash-talking an opponent on live TV last night. Fellow NFL players said, "There’s a proper way to express those feelings, and it’s called 'murder.'"
At this point, it appears the Republican health care plan is going to die on the floor of the House. Coincidentally, dying on the floor of the house happens to be the Republican health care plan.
A new study just came out that shows that people who meet online are more likely to break up. Later that night.
Senate leader Harry Reid has rejected the Republican debt plan, calling it "a big wet kiss to the right wing." Meanwhile, Republicans are calling the Democratic plan "A little under-the-shirt, over-the-bra action for the left wing."
Gisele Bundchen shared a picture of Tom Brady after he lost the NFL playoffs. It was a heartbreaking photograph of a handsome man being consoled by a Brazilian supermodel.
It has been reported that Lebron James will no longer play Olympic basketball for the United States.  Lebron said he won’t play for any country that has less money than he does.
Despite Jeb Bush’s poor campaign, some analysts are already talking about the political rise of his son, George P. Bush. George P. Bush has already got his campaign slogan, "Don’t Worry I Was Adopted."
Happy Halloween everybody. I see a lot of Conan Costumes. Hey, at least you can take yours off.
Kenny G has angered all of China, yet no one is telling him to "stick to music."
This morning President Obama announced that the US is going to reopen diplomatic relations with Cuba. President Obama wanted to act quickly before Seth Rogen makes a movie about Castro.
A new smart phone app has been designed to let people know when they are too drunk to drive.  Here's how it works: Your phone calls a cab as soon as you tell it, "I love you, man."
The number one movie this weekend was a thriller about one man's fight for survival called "The Grey."  It's about Newt Gingrich and the Florida primary.
It's being reported that Ivory Coast dictator Laurent Gbagbo was driven from power due to concerted military action by the French. No one was more surprised to hear this than the French.
Lakers legend Kobe Bryant announced he’ll retire at the end of the season. Meanwhile, the rest of the Lakers announced they quit playing a month ago.
In a speech today, Senator Elizabeth Warren addressed Donald Trump’s recent remarks about Hillary Clinton by saying "We nasty women are going to march our nasty feet to cast our nasty votes." I don’t know about you, but I’m kind of turned on.
The big movie this past weekend was "Tron."  It's a mind-bending science fiction tale of a man who spends two hours inside a computer but somehow finds absolutely NO porn.
I was so hoping that Natalie Portman’s biopic "Jackie" was about Jackie Chan.
At the next debate, Donald Trump is threatening to talk about all of Bill Clinton’s affairs. Hillary’s not too worried, because the debate’s only 90 minutes.
Experts say the new blockbuster movie "Geostorm" may lose as much as $100 million. After hearing about it, Nicolas Cage said, "Hey - I don’t remember starring in that."
Just heard Chris Christie got booed while performing CPR on a choking victim.
Last night, Adele won six Grammys. The wins made Adele so happy, she now has nothing left to sing about.
Athletes at the Olympics are being issued 15 condoms each. Or as the men’s table tennis players put it, “14 condoms too many."
Charlie Sheen announced as part of a humanitarian effort he's taking a trip to Haiti.  Sheen's exact quote was, "I want to show them what a real disaster looks like."
Yesterday, scientist Neil deGrasse Tyson, fact-checked the movie "Interstellar." Because if there’s one movie I expect to be believable, it’s the one where Matthew McConaughey plays an astrophysicist. 
Donald Trump's wife Melania said she was initially attracted to Donald because of his energy. By the way, "energy" is the Slovenian word for "money."
It’s been discovered that the iPhone 5s fingerprint sensor will also recognize nipples. So now you can use the line, "is it cold in here, or are you just trying to unlock your iPhone?"
In order to better control prostitution, Switzerland has opened "sex drive-thrus." The sex drive-thrus are safer, but I wouldn’t recommend ordering off the dollar menu.
The other day in prison, Charles Manson was caught with a cell phone underneath his mattress. Guards became suspicious when they noticed that Manson had started wearing a Bluetooth headset.
Regardless of who you're voting for today, do the right thing & write me in for Michigan Drain Commissioner. The madness must stop.
Tonight, President Obama and Mitt Romney debate foreign policy debate. Pundits say it will be close, but the edge will probably go to the candidate wearing the "I killed Osama Bin Laden" t-shirt.
Hillary Clinton adviser Huma Abedin is divorcing her husband, disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner. That’s right ladies, he’s single.
The word "awesomesauce" is now in the dictionary. Call me old fashioned but I’m going to stick with "sperm."
A new study shows that only 35% of fourth-graders know the purpose of the Declaration of Independence.  When Sarah Palin heard this she said, "How are they supposed to know about something that happened almost 20 years ago?"
A flight from Boston to LA was diverted to Omaha after a passenger started masturbating. Nothing kills an erection like landing in Omaha.
Kanye West just ran up, grabbed my "World’s Greatest Dad" mug, and gave it to a more deserving recipient.
Researchers say that at least four species of crocodiles are able to climb trees. Then, researchers said, "Sleep tight."
The Republican candidates debated in Las Vegas tonight. Michele Bachmann said she hadn't been to Vegas since her husband Marcus did a show there with white tigers.
Today is Tax Day. It’s the day that all Americans but one release their tax records.
According to a new dating survey, what men and women want most in a partner are good grammar and good teeth. Which is why I never did well with my pick-up line, "I ain't don't never floss."
Yesterday was the longest day of the year, unless you count the time I interviewed Lance Armstrong.
A new study shows that alcohol use among teens is down, but marijuana use is up. The President of Budweiser said the results were "very alarming" and the CEO of Doritos said they were "freaking awesome."
Inventors have come out with a wrap-around alarm clock that wakes you up by vibrating your wrist. Experts estimate that every man who bought one is probably using it wrong.
Nike announced that this year, it will release self-lacing tennis shoes. By the way, if you're too lazy to lace up your tennis shoes, you're really gonna hate tennis.
Passover's the time every year I'm forced to spend 8 days and 8 nights writing all my own jokes.
It's being reported that astronaut Buzz Aldrin has a new girlfriend who is 30 years younger than he is.  When asked about it, Aldrin said, "What can I say I like Tang."
A video has surfaced of Justin Bieber urinating into a mop bucket. Critics are calling it the "best thing Justin Bieber has ever released."
According to a new study, most women over the age of 80 have no desire for sex and they are okay with it.  Not only that, everyone else is also okay with it.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's message to New Jersey residents about Hurricane Sandy was "Don't be stupid –  get out." Which, by the way, is also Snooki's method of birth control.
Chairman of the Republican National Committee Reince Priebus blasted Hillary Clinton on Twitter for using "bad judgement." Priebus said, "I haven’t seen judgment this bad since my parents named me Reince Priebus."
A Japanese tech company is developing a special wristwatch-like device that the elderly wear to monitor their health. It's considered a vast improvement over the original device they developed for seniors: a countdown clock.
Snooki says she loves nursing her new born baby boy. The weird part is, while she's nursing, the rest of the Jersey Shore cast stands around her chanting, "Chug, Chug, Chug!"
There is a social networking site that pairs up women who want breast implants with men who will pay for them. You can check it out at losangelescalifornia.com.
According to weather reports, today was the coldest November morning in 38 years. It was so cold, Kim Kardashian pulled up her pants. 
It's being reported that President Obama admitted he's a Trekkie.  Which explains why the President is polling very high with virgins ages 45 to 60.
As of yesterday, One Direction is officially breaking up. Also officially breaking up: My heart.
In New Mexico, a high school science teacher was arrested for making meth. He faces 25 years in prison and up to 12 Emmy awards.
It’s rumored that next week the new iPhone is going to come out. It’s going to come with a larger screen, more memory, and it can leak celebrity photos twice as fast.
Donald Trump said he wishes he had the time to play Pokémon Go. When she heard that, Hillary Clinton said, "Oh, you will."
The infamous house used in "Silence of the Lambs" is up for sale. If you’re interested, the owner asks you to put your offer and the lotion in the basket.
Last night, 7 million people watched the "Game of Thrones" season finale. To break that down for you, that’s one viewer per "Game of Thrones" character.  
Apple customers are complaining that the new iPad produces an uncomfortably high level of heat. As a result, Apple is now putting two in a box and calling it the "Apple Panini maker."
The last US veteran of World War I has died at the age of 110.  His last words were, "James Franco's high."
Today Pope Benedict XVI presided over his last public Mass as pontiff. You could tell he was phoning it in because he repeatedly used the Latin phrase for "Whatevs."
Saudi Arabia has lifted a thirty-five-year ban on movie theaters, and the first movie to screen publicly was "The Emoji Movie." So the ban is back on.
In Pennsylvania, a 100-year-old woman has broken the world record for the 100-yard dash in her age group. She won with the record setting time of "Wednesday."
A new MySpace has officially launched. So at least now there’s one place Americans can go for privacy.
New mom Snooki says she wants to give baby advice to Kate Middleton. Snooki said her #1 tip is, "Find out who the father is."
House Speaker Paul Ryan defended Donald Trump’s behavior saying, "The president’s new at this." Ryan said, “And by ‘this’ I mean 'following the law.'"
In New York, a boat crashed because its captain was busy having a threesome. By the way, the boat’s name is, "The S.S. Totally Worth It."
At a recent concert, Miley Cyrus told her fans to smoke weed and kiss members of the same sex. I wonder if she’ll ever break out of the Disney mold.
Hallmark has launched a line of recession-themed cards that say, "Sorry you lost your job." Even more depressing, the cards are made in China.
Here is my one sentence, all-purpose commencement speech: Now get out there and do stuff until you die.
Former One Direction singer Zayn Malik has broken up with his fiancée. And if there are any 15-year-old girls watching right now... it’s 'cause he wants to marry you.
It's the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address,  but scholars don’t have one definitive version. However, everyone’s in agreement that the speech ended with the line, "Follow THAT, bitches."
Yesterday, it was reported that the US Navy recovered 19 tons of marijuana that had been dumped in to the ocean.  Then, two hours later, the United States Navy invaded Taco Bell.
In a new survey, employers said that worst mistake a job applicant can make is chewing gum or under-dressing.  Also not a great idea, picking up a framed picture of the boss' daughter off his desk and saying "Mind if I keep this?"
I’m just like the Hulk, except when I’m mad, I get dry mouth.
A new study suggests that if a man has his testicles removed, he lives longer.  In other words, married guys live longer. 
A new high school in Chicago will be named after President Obama. It’s called "Obama High," which was also the President’s high school nickname.
In his presidential announcement speech, Donald Trump pledged to become "the greatest jobs president that God ever created." This from the man who coined the catchphrase, "you’re fired."
It’s been reported that last summer, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called President Trump a "moron" and then was talked out of resigning by Mike Pence. Pence’s exact words were "Don’t quit, that moron needs you."
Two of the big nominees for Best Picture are "Tree of Life" and "The Artist." Both were nominated in the category, "Best Picture that you've heard of but are never going to see."
The final season of Jersey Shore premieres tonight. I don't want to spoil anything, but after this season, no one in the cast ever works again.
A new study indicates 93% of women feel their armpits are unattractive. The study was conducted by the Association of Researchers Who Have Run Out of Questions to Ask Women.
According to a new study, white people are on the verge of becoming the minority race in California. Unless ladies, I get busy IMMEDIATELY.
"Or MAYBE having sex with this robot frees me up to appreciate you for your true qualities." – Every Guy Very Soon
When asked which president he would put on Mt. Rushmore, Herman Cain hinted that it would be himself.  I don't know about you but I don't want to hear the words "Herman Cain" and "Mount" in the same sentence.
In a new interview, Brad Pitt said he has very few friends. In other words, just one more thing that Brad Pitt and I have in common.
Major League Baseball is planning to have a "Game of Thrones" theme night at stadiums across the country. Instead of bobbleheads, fans will receive actual severed heads.
Ray Rice is now being removed from the Madden 15 video game. A spokesperson said, "Violence against women doesn’t belong in Madden 15, it belongs in Grand Theft Auto."
The new version of MySpace officially launched yesterday. You can read all about it on AOL.
Psychologists have found that going to sleep early may help ward off mental illness. In other words, if you stayed up late to watch my show you’re insane.
Republican Party is now worried about Chris Christie's viability as a candidate. Donald Trump said that Chris Christie is "one email away from disaster."  Then Bill Clinton said, "Aren’t we all."
Today, former President Obama said, "You get the politicians you deserve." When the bartender tried to cut him off, Obama said, "I’m FIIIINE!"
Yesterday, a women’s rights organization held "topless parades" in cities around the country. Unfortunately, I don’t know what they were protesting because I never got a look at the signs.
Researchers are in the process of creating an underwater wi-fi network. Finally, a way for people to tweet, "I'm drowning."
NASA says that, without the Space Shuttle, they'll now have to pay the Russians $63 million just to fly one astronaut to the International Space Station. And if the astronaut wants to check a bag, it's an extra $15 million.
A fight broke out in Paris involving Justin Bieber and the paparazzi. Okay, now here’s my question, in a fight between Justin Bieber, the paparazzi and the French, who do you root for?
A new study says 84% of American parents lie to their children regularly. The most common lie told by fathers is, "I'm too tired to play," and the most common lie told by mothers is, "Yes, he's your father."
The Rolling Stones have announced a 15-city tour of North America. Mick Jagger said it’s the biggest tour they’ve done on a single continent since the Stones toured Pangaea.
Idea for 2015: haikus go to 6-8-6.
Facebook is trying to trademark the word "Face". I am going to trademark the word "aceboo", and then wait for the dollars to roll in.
A study just came out and it found that the average sex session lasts five minutes. Though in my case, it’s 5 minute and 30 seconds because I always watch the pop-up ads.
Scientists have discovered that a 5,000 year old mummy is covered with at least 60 tattoos. Scientists are calling him the earliest known member of the NBA.
Yesterday, an envelope with a mysterious white powder was discovered near the set of "Dancing with the Stars."  Authorities say it was the most suspicious package seen at "Dancing with the Stars" since Chaz Bono wore tight jeans.
A new study found that KFC sells 25 pieces of fried chicken a second.  It was 50 pieces a second but then Chris Christie had his stomach stapled.
Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, has purchased The Washington Post for $250 million. He said last night, like most Amazon customers, he was drunk and buying crap on the internet he didn’t need.
A Southwest Airlines flight landed at the wrong airport in Missouri. A spokesperson for Southwest said, "Close enough."
Las Vegas’s newest strip club features plus-size performers. Which explains the city’s new motto, "What happens in Vegas is exactly like what happens back home in Milwaukee."
In North Carolina a man robbed a bank in order to go to jail so he could receive free healthcare.  And it worked—the man's been in jail for two days and he's already gotten 15 free prostate exams.
Let's face it, anyone named Captain America should be overweight and have a porn addiction.
One year ago today, Donald Trump announced he was running for president as he rode down an escalator. And our country’s been going down that escalator ever since.
People are complaining that the new Apple Watch doesn’t work as well for anyone with a tattoo on their wrist. So: tattoo on your wrist or Apple Watch - you have to choose which way you want to be a douchebag.
Kim Jong Un recently had one of his uncles executed. Then again, during the holidays, who hasn’t wanted to kill their uncle?  
Root beer with eggs was a big mistake.
TSA Administrator John Pistole recently said that he would not permit the use of the full-body cavity search.  Pistole said he prefers to use the term, "rectal piñata."
A new book claims that Jesus had a wife and two kids. In other words, he suffered even more than we thought.
It's being reported that Madonna has her dressing rooms sterilized after she leaves, to remove all traces of her DNA. Which finally proves what I've been saying since 1985: Madonna is a serial killer.
In California, a lawmaker is proposing a bill that would require college students to give written consent before having sex with each other. And you thought condoms were a mood killer.
I want the Cubs to break the curse, but I want it to be The Curse of Tutankhamun.
Last night, "The Artist" won 5 Oscars. That works out to one Oscar for every person who saw the movie.
In Washington, a man tried to resuscitate a dog by using CPR.  At least, that's what he told his wife he was doing.
Justin Bieber has reportedly met with a rabbi to explore Judaism. After meeting with Justin Bieber, the rabbi is exploring Atheism.
It's being reported that 74-year-old Morgan Freeman is planning to marry his 27-year-old step-granddaughter. The whole story sounds a little creepy—unless you hear it narrated by Morgan Freeman.
A spokesperson for Jennifer Lawrence is calling her nude leaked photos a "flagrant violation of privacy." Meanwhile, Kim Kardashian is calling her nude leaked photos "stuff I was going to release next week."
If Donald Sterling gets his way, the deal will fall through and Steve Ballmer won’t be able to buy the Clippers. When asked about it, the former Microsoft CEO said, "It’s okay, I’m used to things freezing and then crashing."
Critics are saying the new movie "Wolf of Wall Street" used the f-word 506 times.  Then again, so did everyone booked this week on Jet Blue.
One of the newest trends in Iraq is knockoffs of American fast-food chains, such as "Burger Friends" and "KFG." There's even a cheap knockoff of an Italian restaurant that's called "The Olive Garden."
A number of Los Angeles celebrities have said they’re interested in buying the Clippers. Meanwhile, the Kardashian sisters said they just want to rent them for the night.
Yesterday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani tweeted a picture of himself all alone watching the World Cup game on television. Then, he watched his favorite show, "It’s Always Sunni in Philadelphia."
Media mogul Sumner Redstone has stepped down as the chairman of CBS. The 92-year-old Redstone said, "I’m finally old enough to start watching CBS."
A man in Indiana got a tattoo of Mitt Romney's campaign logo on his face. Friends describe the man as a staunch republican who's never heard of bumper stickers.
A new study finds drinking three pints of beer a week permanently dulls the brain. So now you know: never stop at just three.
Last night was the premiere of TLC’s controversial new show, "My Husband’s Not Gay." Unfortunately, their entire target audience was watching the Golden Globes.
Last night, President Obama celebrated Passover by hosting a Seder at the White House.  There was an awkward moment when Sasha asked, "Hey I thought we were Muslim?"
According to a new study, male politicians run for office to "be somebody," while female politicians run so they can "do something." The study has a margin of error of plus or minus Sarah Palin.
While campaigning with his wife, Marcus Bachmann said it was a myth that 10% of the population is gay.  He said, "In my house, it's more like 50%."
President Obama has been here in LA the past two days and he held up traffic everywhere—this morning it took me two hours to get to work.  Of course, I ride a little girl's bicycle.
My Starbucks name is dirtier than my porn name.
Time for a little spring cleaning. Does Seal Team 6 do gutters?
Today, Leonardo DiCaprio met with Pope Francis. In terms of number of sexual partners, those two are known as "the spectrum"
Big news in the NBA – The New Orleans Hornets want to change their name to the Pelicans.  Meanwhile, the LA Lakers want to change their name to the "Guys Who've Banged a Kardashian."
President Obama proclaimed June to be "Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month."  They waited until June because that's when "Glee" is in reruns.
A truck driver in New Jersey who got a penile implant is suing because he had an 8-month erection.  The truck driver said he’s more comfortable with a semi.
Great acting in "Noah." Giraffe #2 was incredible.
Maggie Smith who is one of the stars of "Downton Abbey" revealed she's never seen the show.  Smith said she got the idea of being on a show and never watching it from Andy Richter.
The co-founder of AOL recently joined President Obama's council on economic competitiveness.  The AOL co-founder said, "Gentlemen, I've got 3 words that are going to change your life: Dial Up Internet."
Safety experts now say more and more  car crashes are being caused by GPS devices. So think twice the next time your GPS says, "Turn left here—if I can't have you, no one can."
Yesterday, photos were leaked of the Dallas Cowboys owner, 71-year-old Jerry Jones, with two much younger women. The photos were leaked by Jerry Jones.
Today is Bill Clinton’s birthday. Hillary sent Bill an e-birthday card then out of habit, she immediately deleted it.
California has many more unplanned pregnancies than almost any other state.  Of course, keep in mind, California has many more NBA teams than any other state.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is under fire for calling a politician he doesn't like "an S.O.B." Meanwhile, Christie calls a politician he does like "a B.L.T."
During his acceptance speech, the winner for Best Supporting Actor, JK Simmons, told everyone to call their parents. I tried to call my parents, but they were at the movies watching "Fifty Shades of Grey."
It’s been reported that Facebook software can track you even after you quit Facebook. Which is why Facebook now wants to know what the hell you’re doing with that slut Pinterest.
Michelle Obama’s new initiative is to fight obesity through hip hop. She’s hoping it goes better than her previous initiative: Fighting marijuana  use through reggae.
There’s a controversial new trend of people harvesting sperm from dead men. I heard all about it this morning from Abraham Lincoln, Jr.
My trainer says he can get me in "Hemsworth brother after a bout with mono" shape.
NASA is now considering a much smaller craft to replace the Space Shuttle, and it's being described as a "space taxi." NASA says the space taxi can do everything the Space Shuttle does, except pick you up if you're Black.
A woman is suing a sperm bank for giving her sperm from a black donor instead of the white donor she requested, and now she has a baby that’s half-black. Man, this has been a rough year for Paula Deen.
Political analysts say that, after their embarrassing loss on health care, the White House is desperately looking for a win. Which is why this week, they’re playing the Lakers.
If there had been a debt default, a top credit agency said it would have downgraded  America's "AAA" rating. Even worse, the Treasury Department has been flooded with offers to try the Discover Card.
Kim Kardashian says she will not allow cameras into the delivery room. She said, "That private part of my body is reserved for my boyfriend and anyone who owns a computer." 
Sy Berger, the designer of the modern baseball card, has died. He will be laid to rest in a shoebox somewhere in an attic.
In Florida, a resolution has been passed to split the state into two separate states. Now even Florida is trying to distance itself from Florida.
During the debate last night, Rick Perry stumbled badly when he said he wanted to eliminate 3 agencies but couldn't name them.  Historians say this is Rick Perry's biggest verbal blunder since he said, "I've decided to run for president."
"Game of Thrones" creator George R.R. Martin has put an end to the rumor that there will be a "Game of Thrones" movie. Martin said, "There’s no way I could keep a character alive for two hours straight."
Scientists have discovered a virus that lowers the intelligence of people it infects. The virus is called H-1-Kardashian-1.
Denny's is launching a new "Baconalia" menu where all menu items feature bacon.  Not only that, many hospitals are now featuring Denny's customers. 
Newt Gingrich is being accused of employing subtle racism in many of his campaign speeches.  For instance, yesterday Gingrich said that he alone has the ability to defeat President "Ba-lack" Obama.
Ford has a new software update that will enable Siri in some of their vehicles. So soon you can be in your Ford telling Siri to take you to a Honda dealership.
During President Obama’s visit to Greece yesterday, huge anti-Obama protests broke out. However, Obama was able to quiet down the crowd by saying, "Wait 'til you see the next guy."
Marijuana growers are complaining that they can’t write off a single expense thanks to federal law. Apparently, someone tried to claim the Phish tour as his "home office."
In the general election, Donald Trump plans on painting Hillary Clinton as money-grubbing and unethical. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton plans on painting Donald Trump as Donald Trump.
A new study shows that the size of an average penis has decreased by 10%. So… that means it's down to 8 inches, right fellas?
Tax question: Is it technically considered cheating if you claim your 5.4 million Twitter followers as dependents?
In recent interviews, Natalie Portman has been describing her solo sex scene in "Black Swan" as "super-awkward."  Meanwhile, guys have been describing it as "the thing that made them see a movie about ballet."
In New York, a gang of strippers is being charged with drugging male clients and robbing them of hundreds of thousands of dollars. When asked about it, the male clients said, "Still worth it."
There was an essay question on this year's SATs that asked students to write about reality television.  In a related story, China has won.
Snooki is considering filming her childbirth, on the off chance there’s someone out there who hasn’t seen her vagina yet.
"I don’t believe in limits" is a less inspiring creed when shouted shirtless to a highway patrolman who’s just pulled you over.
Taco Bell is coming out with a taco that's wrapped in a Doritos shell. If that doesn't sound appealing to you, you're not stoned right now.
Is the link to the new "Magic Mike" trailer a good Mother’s Day gift?
A new study found that exposure to Barbie dolls limits a girl's imagination. The study also found that exposure to Ken dolls causes boys to think that their penis will eventually fall off.
Today, Joe Biden said that the only place Mitt Romney has created jobs is in China.  This has sparked an angry rebuttal from Romney spokesperson Wen Jinbao.
Donald Trump has already proposed "Mad Dog" Mattis for his cabinet and now he’s considering Idaho Governor "Butch Otter." If "Butch Otter" and "Mad Dog" are confirmed, the President’s cabinet will officially become a fraternity.
The U.S. Census Bureau has found that only 1.6% of adults identify themselves as gay. In other words, there are a lot of straight guys out there doing a lot of really gay stuff.
Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish friends out there.  And by that I mean my writing staff and La Bamba.
According to a poll, Donald Trump is on track to get more black votes than any Republican presidential candidate since Richard Nixon. Yes, now keep in mind, Richard Nixon got four black votes.
"Wind Beneath My Wings" is a great song, but what about the wind ABOVE her wings? It’s technically just as important for lift.
McDonald’s just announced that they are simplifying their menu to speed up service. When asked why, a McDonald’s spokesman said, "Cause our customers don’t have much time left!"
Oprah has endorsed Hillary Clinton for President. When asked about Hillary’s chances of becoming the most powerful woman in the world, Oprah said, "Oh, I’m not stepping down."
Senator Mark Kirk has apologized for joking that Presidential candidate and bachelor Lindsey Graham was a "bro with no ho." And today, Kirk fired his speechwriter, Ludacris.
People in North Korea who have the same name as Kim Jong-Un are being ordered to change their name. So now everyone has the choice of either Khloe or Kourtney Jong-Un.
The TSA has announced changes in how its screeners will conduct pat downs on kids. For starters, the pat downs will no longer take place in a windowless van in an alley.
One of the Sweet 16 teams is Notre Dame. Now I’m sorry, but if I want to watch the Fighting Irish, I’ll visit my parents.
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day. It’s a special day when we Americans show our gratitude to teachers in any form but money.
Vice President Joe Biden arrived in South Korea to talk to the people there. It’s the first ever time people from South Korea have tried to sneak into North Korea.
Today President Obama officially acknowledged that military drone strikes killed 4 Americans. Then he said, "Ask me about the IRS again and I'll make it five."
According to a new report, one in ten Europeans were conceived in an IKEA bed.  Isn't that amazing, someone who bought furniture at IKEA was able to screw something correctly.
The new LEGO Star Wars sets give too much away! Now I know all the characters have round yellow heads.
At the Arizona primary yesterday, Republican voters had to wait as long as five hours. People in Arizona were furious and said, "That’s time I could have spent deporting my gardener."
David Hasselhoff was kicked off of “Dancing With the Stars.” He should stick to singing. I mean acting. I mean…
First Lady Michelle Obama has convinced the owners of the Olive Garden to cut calories and sodium by 20 percent.  They took the First Lady's advice because Michelle Obama is more Italian than anybody who works at the Olive Garden.
A new study showed that senior citizens who play video games are happier. Apparently senior citizens' two favorite games are "Resident Evil" and "The Microwave."
Anthropologists are now saying that ancient homo sapiens had sex with Neanderthals.  So apparently, early man invented fire, the wheel and beer goggles.
Last week, The Mars Rover stretched out its robotic arm and took a picture of itself.  In other words, America's greatest technological achievement has turned into a 14-year-old girl with Instagram. 
Since 2010, Homeland Security has been monitoring YouTube.  Which finally explains why #4 on the FBI's Most Wanted List is "Panda on a Trampoline."
Former Vice President Dick Cheney’s daughter Liz has decided to run for the US Senate. She’s running on the slogan: “Elect me, or I’ll make my Dad vice president again.
Today a member of the US Rowing Team who won a bronze medal is accused of having an erection while on the medal stand. The rower's claiming his penis wasn't erect - It was just standing for the national anthem. 
Donald Trump has said he is considering buying the troubled New York Mets. Trump said the suggestion to buy the Mets came from the same adviser who told him, "Simple comb over, no one will notice."
The economics professor who helped craft President Obama's healthcare plan is now going to explain that plan in a comic book.  In a related story, President Bush has come out in favor of Obama's healthcare plan.
A new report says more men are getting bikini waxes. It's a great way to tell the woman in your life, I want to share your pain and, also, I like dudes.
The show "60 Minutes" now has an app for the iPad.  The "60 Minutes" app is called "iWillHaveMyGranddaughterExplainThisToMe."
In Oregon, a man broke into three homes and looked at porn on the computer. Either that, or three husbands in Oregon came up with the exact same excuse.
Time Warner Cable is testing a premium service which sets a specific time for the cable installer to arrive.  The two times available are "Winter" and "Spring."
This weekend, a person or persons spray painted graffiti all over Donald Trump’s new Washington DC hotel. Police have narrowed their list of suspects down to "50% of the country."
Anderson Cooper told Donald Trump that he acts like a five-year-old. Trump then laughed really hard and said 'Well, Cooper rhymes with 'pooper.'"
Last night, Mitt Romney just barely won the Republican primary in Ohio by 1%. Then Romney made the mistake of saying, "Ladies and gentlemen, tonight's a victory for the 1 percent!"
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger’s portrait’s only been up for four hours and already, a cleaning lady is pregnant.
Police in Cincinnati are looking for a bald man who has been stealing Rogaine from drug stores. The suspect is being described as "Armed and Suddenly Dating Again."
Astronomers are now speculating that our sun may have had a long lost twin. So it’s official: our entire solar system is a telenovela.
Next month, Mitt Romney will be making his first public speech after losing the election. His topic will be, "Rebuilding Your Life With Just a Hope, A Dream, and $230 Million."
A former cast member from "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" is now working as a stripper at Scores Gentlemen's Club. Industry experts are describing it as "a lateral move."
A 36 year-old man who has fathered 14 children by donating sperm said that he is still a virgin.  So if he ever meets any of his kids, he'll explain sex to them by saying "It's something that happens when a man and a cup really love each other."
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi said it would be great if Hillary Clinton picked a female running mate. She said it during a speech entitled "Hint Hint."
Today is the first day of Black History Month. And when you think about it - what better way to celebrate Black History Month than with a caucus in Iowa.
The manufacturer of Tastykakes is thinking of buying the company that makes Twinkies and Hoho's. So it looks like Christmas came early for stoners everywhere.
Burger King has developed a ‘hands-free’ Whopper holder that goes around your neck and holds your burger. After hearing this, Whopper eaters asked, “What’s a neck?”
Using spinal electrodes, researchers have found a way for women to achieve orgasm with the push of a button. Unfortunately, very few men can find the button.
In order to block Donald Trump’s path to the Republican nomination, John Kasich is pulling his campaign out of Indiana. Indiana should notice sometime in 2018.
The Washington Post says that many religiously conservative people are getting upset at the TSA's new patdown procedures.  Most offended are Catholic priests, who've been telling the screeners, "You're doing it wrong!"
Last weekend was "Ribfest" and this week is "Bike to Work" Week.  Which means next week is "I Just Broke My Bike With My Fat Ass" Week.
Just a day and a half after Hurricane Irma ended, Disney World managed to reopen. Disney’s biggest obstacle after the storm was to get the robots from the Hall of Presidents to stop looting.
According to a new survey, 14% of drivers say they use Twitter while driving. That explains the popular hashtag #ohShitATruck!
Among the debaters tomorrow night is Ben Carson, who is a neurosurgeon. Dr. Carson says he’s not there to debate, he’s there to diagnose exactly what’s wrong with Donald Trump.
God would have created the Earth in just 1 day, but first He decided to "just check" Facebook.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is siding with the judge in the Trump University fraud case. Arnold said he took a speech class at Trump University and he wants his money back.
It's being reported that the stars of Jersey Shore have a new contract which will pay them $100,000 each per episode.  That is a lot of zeros and also, a big salary.
In India, a 96-year-old man became the world's oldest father. His wife gave birth to a beautiful 62-year-old baby boy.
Kim Jong-un wants to meet with President Trump. I smell a buddy movie!
It's the first day of Black History Month.  If you're watching me right now, it means you've completely missed the point.
I love autumn in L.A., when the leaves change on my screensaver photos.
First Lady Michelle Obama has posted an exercise video of her beating up a punching bag. But don’t worry - Vice President Biden is going to be okay.
Great Britain is about to have its first female leader since Margaret Thatcher. So congratulations to Sporty Spice!
Next month, a new biography is coming out about the life of 300 lb. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. The biography's called "Are You Going to Finish That?"
The upcoming TV Season will have fewer gay characters. This is what happens when you cancel Smash, The New Normal and CSI: West Hollywood.
On yesterday's episode of "The View" Whoopi Goldberg told the audience that she travels with her vibrator. This was in response to Barbara Walters asking her, "What's in the cello case?"
Vladimir Putin has offered asylum to former FBI Director James Comey. When she heard, Melania Trump said "Hey, what about me?"
Due to Hurricane Joaquin, Governor Chris Christie has declared a state of emergency in New Jersey. Christie spent today stocking up on tons of groceries… then he heard about the hurricane.
Donald Trump said his war with Fox News is Christian because it’s "an eye for an eye." When told the actual quote from the New Testament is "turn the other cheek," Trump said, "Hey, no gay stuff."
In Germany, researchers were recently able to stop light from traveling for an extended period of time. Here’s how they did it— they placed the light on United Airlines.
One of the guests at the State of the Union Address was an undocumented immigrant. Or, as Fox News kept calling him, "President Obama."
There's a new smartphone app that lets you communicate with your house plants. The app is called "iWillDieAlone."
Alex Trebek was asleep in the nude when he discovered there was a burglar in his room.   Alex, I'll take "images I can wish I could erase" for $300.
A cracker that survived the sinking of the Titanic sold today for $23,000. Experts say the 100-year-old Titanic cracker pairs very well with any hot dog from 7-11.
It’s come out that implementing Donald Trump’s immigration policy would cost taxpayers $166 billion. Well today Trump said, "So what? You spend the money, you declare bankruptcy, and then you start a new country. Boom."
If Chris Christie had blocked people from entering New Jersey he’d be a hero.
In New York, a new bike sharing program prohibits obese people from riding bikes. The ruling affects no one.
According to new statistics, Pope Francis is the most talked about person on the internet.  After hearing this, Miley Cyrus said, "Bitch, it is on."
This morning, I "broke the internet" (accidentally unplugged my router).
I just realized that if Chazz Palminteri married Jason Mraz, it would mean... they loved each other very much.
Some self-portraits painted by former President George W. Bush have leaked onto the Internet.  Bush said, "If you like these, wait till you see my self-portraits of other people."
A woman is suing a sex toy company because she got hurt by one of their vibrators.  Apparently, it didn't call her the next day.
At last night’s Oscars, a film producer who appeared in the "In Memoriam" montage, turns out she’s alive. Even worse, she’s scratching loudly at the roof of her coffin.
An iPad used by the Pope is being auctioned off for charity. When asked why, the Pope said, "I gave up Candy Crush for Lent."
New England Patriots Quarterback Tom Brady is coming out with a cookbook. The cookbook teaches you how to make a soufflé that falls then re-inflates at halftime.
Good news—today Congressman Anthony Weiner resigned. The bad news—he made the announcement shirtless over Skype.
I’m excited for today’s L.A. Marathon, where people try to drive 26.2 miles in under four hours.
Donald Trump cancelled a campaign rally scheduled for Portland, Oregon. This is devastating news for Portland’s conservative community, Steve.
Don’t hate the playa, hate the game - specifically, Boggle.
Ben of Ben and Jerry’s is coming out with an ice cream for Bernie Sanders called "Bernie’s Yearning." It’s selling a lot better than Jerry’s ice cream for Hillary, "Pantsuit E-Mail Crunch."
Syria’s leader Assad referred to President Obama as "weak." Obama was so angry he plans to ask Congress for permission to think up a good comeback.
Today, Donald Trump said he'd give $5million to charity if President Obama released his college transcripts.  Today, Obama responded by sending Trump a full transcript from his alma mater— the University of "Shove It Up Your Ass."
Just once, I’d like to see an old Chevy pick-up truck with the vanity plate “LUV2CUDDLE.”
The professional networking site LinkedIn says it wants to be "Facebook for work." Critics say there already is a "Facebook for work." It's called "Facebook."
Former "Baywatch" actress Donna D'Errico claims she was forced to go through a full TSA pat-down just because of her looks.  Not only that, she claims she was forced to star on "Baywatch" just because of her looks. 
During a campaign event at a Florida pumpkin patch, Donald Trump met with pumpkin farmers. There was an awkward moment when one of the pumpkin farmers tried to carve Trump’s head.
In a new book, Pope Benedict XVI officially finds the Jewish people innocent of having killed Jesus. The Pope said the exoneration came because of new historical information, and because "those people have some damn good lawyers."
Papa John's is offering a heart-shaped pizza for Valentine's Day. It's for the wife who has everything except a husband who knows what a woman wants for Valentine's Day.
President Trump has called for an investigation into voter fraud during the presidential election. Trump said, "I mean for God’s sake, look who they chose!"
There are three ways to cook a hot dog: Boil, grill, and, I just discovered by accident, dry clean.
Prince William and Kate Middleton recently sent out their save-the-date notices to wedding guests via fax.  Apparently, the date they're trying to save is sometime in 1983.
According to a report, Mark Wahlberg left the Super Bowl during the third quarter because the Patriots were losing. He didn’t leave alone, the Falcons’ defense went with him.
Miley Cyrus recently tweeted a topless photo of herself, claiming it was to promote equality. Then, Charlie Sheen claimed his dick pics are a comment on stem cell research.
Yesterday, Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer mistakenly called "50 Cent" a singing group. Meanwhile, Republican Senators called "50 Cent" a fair hourly wage.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford claims he’s found a way to bring in $50 million for Toronto. Basically, America will pay him to take back Justin Bieber.
The Republicans have been asking, "Are you better off now than you were four years ago?"  In response, Americans are saying, "No we're worse off, because four years ago, we'd never heard of Honey Boo Boo." 
A year after they were rescued, most of the Chilean miners are still unemployed.  Unfortunately, most employers are hesitant to hire them because of the giant gap in their resume.
Someone has invented a portable sex robot that’s being called "the 3-in-1 male masturbator." I just want to take a moment here to thank everyone who donated to my Kickstarter.
Lindsay Lohan got a new tattoo of a triangle. Either that, or she crashed into a freshly painted "Yield" sign. 
Just 5 days left of Hanukah for my Jewish friends, just 14 days left till Christmas for my Christian friends and just 10 days left to live for my Mayan friends.  
It’s come out that several of Donald Trump’s businesses have ties to the Russian Mafia. So, if you’re keeping track, we’re officially up to Season 3 of "The Sopranos."
The History Channel is airing a new reality series about taxidermy called Mounted in Alaska. Coincidentally, this was also the theme of Bristol Palin's prom.
An executive from the E! Network has stated that over the next few years, there could be as many as 4 new Kardashian spinoff shows. He then added, "Unless our demands are met."
President Trump tweeted that our Criminal Justice System is a "joke." He then tweeted, "I mean, how is my entire family not in prison?"
Scientists are planning to revive a dormant 30,000-year-old virus. When asked why, scientists said, "We’re d***s."
The University of Oregon Ducks won the Rose Bowl? I haven’t said “Congratulations, Ducks!” since I watched mallards have an orgy in my pool.
The government of Uganda has officially outlawed the appearance of anyone sexy on TV. By the way, starting today, I'm on twice a day in Uganda.
Google just implemented changes that will make it more difficult to find porn on the internet.  The announcement was made by Google's new CEO— my wife.
At a Yahoo shareholder meeting yesterday, an old man stood up and hit on Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer. He told her, “Since the first time I saw you, I’ve wanted to google your yahoo.”
So now gays can openly serve in the military.  I'd like to advise our enemies around the world to put down their arms because we will slap a bitch.
The clothing company H&M is soon going to release a $99 wedding dress. The $99 wedding dress is the perfect way to tell your man, "I do – I guess."
After the popularity of the "Cronut," a New York bakery has introduced a croissant-bagel hybrid called the "Cragel." Also expected to be popular this year: something new called "Type 2 Criabetes."
The new "Grand Theft Auto" has already made 800 million dollars? Starting tomorrow, I start murdering my guests.
"Newsweek" apologized to Michele Bachmann for making her look crazy. Can’t wait to see this week’s cover with Gary Busey.
In Pennsylvania, a 13-year old boy was forced to help his mother give birth to his sister.  When asked to comment, the boy said, "Well – I'm gay now."
United Airlines announced it will no longer use police to remove people from flights. They'll also stop using pepper spray on passengers who ask for a second bag of peanuts.
In LA, authorities caught the arsonist who lit over 50 car fires during the New Year's weekend.  So now, if you want to see a car on fire in LA, you'll just have to wait until the Lakers win another Championship.
When the freeway lanes leaving LA are blocked, and the lanes going into town are empty, then, yes, I do scan the horizon for monsters.
The Pope arrived in the US today. The Pope flew into Washington this afternoon on Lifelong Virgin Air.
Using forensic technology, experts have created a picture of what they think Jesus looked like as a kid. When he saw it, Larry King said, "You got the nose wrong."
In Maryland, the woman who claimed she won the Mega Millions lottery said she hid the ticket at the McDonald's where she works.  To keep it from ever being found, she hid the ticket inside one of their salads. 
A new online bakery is selling a cake that has another cake stuffed inside it. And stuffed inside THAT cake is a little piece of paper that says, "Well done, fatty!"
Five geckos sent into space as part of an experiment have all died.  On the bright side, they were able to save 15% on their car insurance.
On Monday in Vermont, a barrel of maple syrup fell off a truck and spilled all over the highway. Luckily, it broad-sided a french toast truck.
Thousands of protesters gathered in Florida to defend the Confederate flag. Well technically, it wasn’t a protest, it was a Kid Rock concert.
The beloved children’s Christmas special "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" just turned 50 years old. And in true Hollywood tradition, Rudolph started dating a 25-year-old special.
Nintendo recently unveiled the Switch, a home video game console that you can unplug and take whenever you go somewhere. When they heard this, hardcore gamers said, "What do you mean – 'go somewhere?'"
In North Carolina, a restaurant owner is giving diners a 15% discount if they pray before eating. Not because he’s religious, but because he failed his health inspection.
The FBI has reversed its policy and will now hire people who have smoked pot in the past three years.  When asked why, the FBI said, "Because we couldn’t find anyone who hasn’t smoked pot in the last three years."
As if the TSA couldn’t get any creepier, today they announced they’re changing their name to Uncle TSA.
Today is Women's Equality Day. Or, as Donald Trump calls it, that time of the year again.
During the Republican convention in Cleveland, an artist is going to photograph 100 nude women to make a statement. The statement is, "This is the only way to get people to Cleveland."
The Pope is being hailed for picking 15 diverse cardinals from unusual places. Congratulations, Cardinal Rabbi Mo Fensen of Bozeman, MT.
Over a quarter of a million Chrysler vehicles are being recalled for problems with fuel tanks, brakes, engines, airbags, and electrical wiring. On the plus side, Chrysler insists "Our cupholders have never been safer."
A new report says that global warming could cause Boston to end up completely underwater.  Bostonians said, "We’re okay with that as long as happens when the Yankees are in town." 
Everyone's trying to cash in with their own version of Black Friday—the maker of Barbie advertised "Pink Friday" and T-Mobile advertised "Magenta Saturday."  Least successful was Taco Bell's promotion, "Explosive Brown Sunday."
Everyone’s okay, but at a McDonald's in Michigan, a woman fired a gun at a drive-through worker for forgetting bacon on her order. In the woman’s defense, the worker did forget her bacon.
A recent study shows that having an orgasm is better for your brain than doing mental exercises.  That means I spent most of my high school years furiously warding off dementia.
NASA reports that it had a record 18,000 applicants to be astronauts. And apparently 1,000 more apply every time President Trump tweets.
A new study this week found that women prefer bigger penises. Well I say, "too bad."
The all-you-can-eat chain Hometown Buffet has filed for bankruptcy. A spokesperson for the company said, "Good God - we didn’t realize just how much Americans can eat."
During an emotional speech last night at the Golden Globes, Jodie Foster said she was gay, fifty and friends with Mel Gibson. Afterwards, her publicist told Jodie, "I'm going to need a raise."
The Presidential debates have been announced and, guess what, the final one is gonna take place in Las Vegas. Trump and Hillary will have a 90-minute debate and then be married by Elvis.
France has a new president who lives with a woman that he is not married to.  Their relationship is described as "French."
Former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said he's considering doing a new movie where he plays a Nazi.  After being Governor of California, Arnold says he's looking for a role where people will hate him less.
A man in Kentucky is suing a doctor for amputating his penis unnecessarily.  When the doctor has apologized the patient said, "No hard feelings."
Hey, is it too late to stake me in the World Series of Poker? It’s $10,000, and I’ll lose, but I’ll wear a windbreaker with your name on it.
This Sunday is the Oscars. Or as they’re officially called, "Hoarders—The Meryl Streep Edition."
In a speech last night, Rick Santorum tried to repair his image with female voters. Although it didn't help that the speech started out with, "Listen up, bitches…"
Can we all agree that the person who first thought of dangling long, fuzzy socks over a fireplace was an arsonist?
A new brand of frozen burrito is being marketed as a snack for people high on marijuana. The marketing consists of just labeling it "A burrito."
A new company promises to give customers a pretend Facebook girlfriend for others to see.  It's yet another engineering triumph from the folks at "Sadtronics."
Today, Rick Santorum took a swipe at Mitt Romney by saying, "Money's not going to buy this election." Two hours later, Mitt Romney bought Rick Santorum.
Today, President Trump tweeted, "There will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!" Trump would have tweeted more, but just then Ivanka came in with his juice box.
The first presidential debate will take place on Monday night. The candidates will discuss the economy, foreign policy, and of course, Brad and Angelina.
Hillary Clinton said yesterday that she would like to see the FBI investigation of her emails wrapped up. Hillary then said, "Or deleted. Whatever’s easiest."
You call it day drinking, I call it something unintelligible because I’m day drinking.
Experts in Israel are trying to recreate a wine used in the time of Jesus. Apparently, all they need is some water and Jesus.
Even though he has no chance of winning the nomination, taxpayers are still paying for Bernie Sanders to have Secret Service. It’s not that expensive though, it’s just one guy that goes out late at night to buy Fig Newtons.
The Chinese Government has now banned the use of puns and wordplay in all television broadcasts. The ban was enacted by China's Censorship minister, Me No Fun.
TLC announced that Honey Boo Boo is going to have her own Halloween special.  Their neighbors are planning to give them a scare by dressing up as Child Protective Services.
It was a great weekend of basketball, but for me, the Final Four will always be the winner and three runners-up on “Toddlers & Tiaras.”
A new study claims coffee fights erectile dysfunction. That explains Starbucks' new slogan, "Who wants a grande?"
A new app can tell marijuana users how high they are. It’s called the Domino's Pizza app.
The Clinton campaign released a video of vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine and rapper Pusha T discussing social issues at a campaign stop. Tim Kaine had a lot of questions for Pusha T, the first being "who are you?"
At the Grammys, Kanye West jumped onstage and interrupted when Album of the Year was announced. Which, of course, means six more weeks of winter.
Fox is trying to boost ratings by bringing back the show "24." In it, Jack Bauer has just 24 hours to try and get people to watch "American Idol" again.
On Monday, Rev. Pat Robertson said that if more states legalize gay marriage, God will destroy America. On the plus side, he admitted that gays will then come in and do a beautiful renovation.
In a new interview, Katy Perry said as a kid she prayed that she would have "big boobs." So finally, we have proof that God exists.
Today, Mark Zuckerberg - who dropped out of Harvard University after his sophomore year - gave a commencement speech to Harvard’s graduating class. Zuckerberg began the speech with, "Hello, suckers."
The IRS is now giving full married-couple tax status to same-sex couples. Which explains the new app, "Grindr-Just-For-Tax-Purposes."
For 49 cents, McDonald's is giving customers the option to add bacon to any order. Not to be outdone, Olive Garden announced that for 50 cents, they will add Italian food to any order.
Some NFL players criticized Michael Sam for kissing his boyfriend after getting drafted. Apparently NFL players aren’t supposed to be in a gay relationship until they’re sent to prison.
Despite his recent scandals, Chris Christie is getting a lot of support from New Jersey’s Hispanics. Some Hispanics like Christie’s moderate conservatism, and others believe that if you hit him, he’ll break open and spill out candy.
Donald Trump has dropped to second place in a national poll. On the bright side, he’s still polling #1 among "Germans of the 1930's."
I can’t believe no one likes my show idea about a bunch of undead bathroom remodelers called “The Caulking Dead”.
Republican Tim Pawlenty launched his presidential campaign today with a pledge to "tell Americans the truth."  Which explains his slogan: "Tim Pawlenty for President: I'm Not Going to Win."
Yesterday, Herman Cain said that he will only drop out of the presidential race when his wife is no longer "behind him."  Cain's wife said she is still behind him, because there's never any room under him.
President Trump’s Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders confirmed that no one in President Trump’s administration supports slavery. To put that in perspective, the last press secretary who had to make that statement worked for Ulysses S. Grant.
There’s a new stamp that depicts beloved poet Maya Angelou, the only problem is it includes a quote that is not hers. Apparently, Maya Angelou never said, "Bitches be crazy."
Officials at the Winter Olympics have stocked the Olympic Village with over 100,000 condoms. In other words, it sounds like Bob Costas will be there.
Donald Trump admitted to Dr. Oz that he is overweight, loves fast food, and doesn’t exercise. In a related story, Trump just won Wisconsin.
A petition for Texas to secede from the United States has gotten over 25,000 signatures.  The signatures are from every state but Texas.
Just downloaded a cool new app that lets me use my phone as a drink coaster.
Today, Michele Bachmann wished Elvis Presley a happy birthday, even though today's the anniversary of his death. When told about the mistake, Bachmann said, "My apologies to not only Elvis but the entire Costello family."
I can't wait to try the new gigantic Starbucks size, "Trenta". Or as it's called in The Midwest, "A Medium".
In an interview, former porn star Stormy Daniels said she had an affair with Donald Trump in 2006. To which Stormy’s shocked husband said, "Wait, you told me I was your first!"
It’s being reported that in the 2016 elections, Russia interfered with voting systems in at least 39 states. Which finally explains why the new Governor of Wyoming is Anna Kournikova.
Critics are pointing out the movie "Wolf of Wall Street" uses the f-word 506 times. Which is still 6 less times than it’s used in "The Hobbit."
My new 3D printer not only prints food, but also some really rude waiters.
At yesterday’s Trump rally, the crowd was chanting "CNN Sucks!" And man, you do not want to hear what they had to say about the Science Channel.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he may seek a fourth presidential term. Putin added, "But that’s up to the people to decide" – then he laughed for ten minutes.
It’s come out that Donald Trump once rented an office to an Iranian bank that was later accused of terrorism. Today, Trump said, "How was I supposed to know that something wasn’t right with Jihadi Joe’s Savings and Loan?"
In Austin, Texas, at 4:20 pm on 4/20, Willie Nelson unveiled a statue of himself.  Apparently, the statue was so lifelike, Willie tried to buy weed from it.
Charlie Sheen reportedly asked a porn star to babysit his kids – but Sheen's ex-wife Denise Richards has issued a statement saying no porn stars will be babysitting their children. It just goes to show – there's no ONE way to raise a family.
Yesterday was Bill Clinton’s birthday. Hillary yelled "surprise" and out of habit, Bill yelled "I can explain!"
North Korea has ordered people with the same name as Kim Jong-Un to change their names. To avoid even more confusion, they're deporting all chubby lesbians with bad haircuts.
Yesterday in Florida, a drunk and naked man wielding a machete went on a rampage attacking mailboxes. Local police put out an APB for "literally any guy in Florida"
In an interview, President Obama said that reading books helped him get through difficult times during his presidency. Then he said, "So thank you, Judy Blume!"
Conservatives are now criticizing President Obama because as a child in Indonesia, Obama sometimes ate dog meat.  But on the plus side, Obama is now polling very well among cats.
In Detroit, a man recently bought a Powerball ticket worth $128 million at an adult book store.  See kids—look what can happen when you turn off your fancy internet and masturbate to BOOKS.
Las Vegas is about to unveil what will be the world’s largest Ferris Wheel. City officials are calling it, "An entirely new way to throw up on the streets of Las Vegas!"
It’s been reported that the NSA is recruiting potential spies as young as 15 years old. So far, the only thing the teenage spies have been able to tell the NSA is that the new girl Stephanie is a real bitch.
Eight female badminton players were expelled from the Olympics for trying to lose on purpose. So, tragically, they'll never have another chance to play badminton unless they get invited to a picnic.
Former Florida governor Jeb Bush says it's time for President Obama to stop blaming his brother for the economy. Then, when asked why he himself has not run for president, Jeb Bush said, "my brother."
According to a new report, the United Arab Emirates has surpassed the U.S. to become the world's fattest industrialized nation. All I have to say is United Arab Emirates—it is on!
This Halloween, if you see a blue pumpkin, that means the house is handing out allergy-free treats. Of course if you see a blue pumpkin, it could also mean that the house is using last year’s pumpkin.
President Trump is using his 2020 campaign fund to pay his legal fees, which experts say is "wrong but not illegal." Coincidentally, "wrong but not illegal" is also Trump’s 2020 campaign slogan.
Last week, a man was arrested in a supermarket after putting his penis on the checkout scanner. Even worse, he forgot to put down the divider so he also got charged for the penis of the guy behind him in line.
The White House described the relationship between the US and Pakistan as "complicated." In fact, it's so complicated, the US just sent our ambassador over there to get our CDs and some of our t-shirts back.
The Defense Department is trying to found out who leaked information to filmmakers making a movie about the killing of Osama bin Laden. Even worse, the name of that movie is "Harold & Kumar Kill Osama Bin Laden."
Government collecting data from our cell phones? No wonder Barack Obama always beats me at Words with Friends.
I like to teach my kids that they can do anything. For example this year, our taxes.
Rob Lowe said there is a prejudice against good looking people. Rob, if you’re watching, we shall overcome.
In the same interview, Ann Romney blamed the media for her husband's Mitt Romney's defeat. Her quote was, "It's not fair – They kept reporting exactly what he said."
The US Census Bureau reports that American homes are 650 square feet larger today than they were in 1980.  Unfortunately, so are most Americans.
Some ships are now offering "cougar cruises" for older women to meet younger men.  At last count, 5,000 women have signed up and zero men.
The Syrian bread I ordered was detained at the airport.
DON'T watch "The 4th of Julie", it is NOT about our country's independence. Deleting browser history now.
Oprah Winfrey is buying a 10% stake in Weight Watchers. Oprah’s financial advisor asked her if she wanted to buy a large stake and Oprah said, "Oh, yeah!"
There used to be a time when we didn’t have access to all the world’s knowledge while sitting on the toilet.
Bobby Jindal’s real first name is Piyush but he got his nickname because he liked Bobby on "The Brady Bunch." That explains his campaign slogan, "Marcia Marcia Marcia."
According to a new study, people in Ohio curse more than people in any other state. That’s because they’re always saying things like, "Shit, we live in Cleveland."
There’s a new a campaign to create the world’s first vagina museum. The vagina museum will be the first museum where you enter through the gift shop.
In Ireland, a drunk man was caught on video having a fight with a lamppost. People who saw the video say the big loser in the fight was Ireland.
The kids band The Wiggles announced they will play a reunion concert next year - for adults only. You can buy tickets at ImACreep.biz
Rihanna has decided to honor her late grandmother by getting a giant tattoo under her breasts.  In fairness, the grandmother's obituary notice did say, "In lieu of flowers, please get boob-ink."
Yesterday, Bruce Jenner was pulled over for speeding. The cops gave Jenner a ticket, because his current face doesn’t match his driver’s license photo. 
“Goodness gracious, that is painful!” is what I should have yelled when I stubbed my toe in front of my kids.
The Chicago Cubs are suing a person responsible for a fake Cubs mascot that got into a bar fight. The Cubs knew it wasn’t their official mascot because it actually won the fight.
It's the anniversary of the Gettysburg Address and it’s also Larry King’s Birthday.  That’s right—two great events that happened 150 years ago. 
New research reveals that being attractive in high school leads to success later in life.  So finally – some good news for hot, popular teenagers. 
This week, a baby was pulled off a plane by the TSA for being a potential terrorist. The action was slammed by parents' groups, and applauded by anyone who's ever flown with a baby.
Scientists revealed that an apple a day could improve a woman’s sexual satisfaction. Apparently the scientists have never heard of something called, "a banana."
Ford is teaming up with Heinz Ketchup to make a car parts out of tomatoes. So it’s official, Americans will put ketchup on anything. 
Earlier this week, President Obama released his 2010 tax return.  Turns out, last year, Obama made 1.7 million dollars and spent 14 trillion.
Some are now saying that Madonna's halftime show was full of satanic symbolism. Madonna's response to the accusation was, "What can I say? I owe that guy everything."
A 107-year-old veteran met with President Obama this morning. It was good to see President Obama getting along so well with John McCain.
Made my wife shout "Yes!" in bed last night. (Asked her who her favorite 70's rock band was.)
Ted Cruz has been joined on the campaign trail by former candidate Governor Rick Perry. So in other words, Ted Cruz is the #1 choice of the guy who was nobody’s choice.
Today is Taylor Swift's 23rd birthday.  Taylor said she just wants to spend a quiet evening at home breaking up with someone. 
This Halloween, a woman in Vermont is handing out kale to trick-or-treaters. If you’re in Vermont and you want to stop by, look for the house that’s been set on fire.
Carly Fiorina said that her degree in medieval history will help her defeat ISIS. She said knowledge of the medieval world also helps her when she’s making policy on birth control.
At this weekend's G-20 summit, President Trump and Vladimir Putin had a private two and a half hour meeting. It’s probably not a good sign that it ended with Putin handing Trump a single red rose.
At an event yesterday, Chris Christie was endorsed by the Cake Boss. The Cake Boss introduced Christie as "The guy who put all my kids through college."
A new study confirms that eating a Western style diet causes people to die earlier. When asked for comment, people eating a Doritos Locos Taco said, "worth it."
My accountant just called to inform me I’m morally bankrupt.
Supermodel Linda Evangelista is demanding $46,000 a month in child support to raise her 4-year old son. In her defense, the child does have a major coke problem.
Officials in Florida are trying to allow more toxic chemicals to be dumped in the state’s waters. So it’s official, even people who live in Florida hate people who live in Florida.
It's been found that a sitcom from the 1980's accurately guessed the year of Gaddafi's death.  So, now the only question is: who tipped off Mr. Belvedere?
Senator Ted Cruz announced he is donating his paychecks during the shutdown to charity. The charity is called, "Ted Cruz for President."
Today, a top LGBT organization officially endorsed Hillary Clinton. Upon hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "You had me at L."
The head coaches for this Super Bowl are two brothers Jim and John Harbaugh.  Their Mom promises, whatever the outcome, she plans on calling the loser after the game and telling him he's adopted.
Marvel Comics has created a new Spider-Man who is half-black and half-Hispanic. His arch enemies include The Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus and The Tea Party.
If the object of tennis is to hit the ball into the net and swear a lot, I’m very, very good.
The IRS announced it no longer accepts checks for 100 million dollars. So now the only place that will still take a check for 100 million dollars is Whole Foods.
Russia has named Vladimir Putin "Man of the Year" for the 15th year in a row. Putin got 143 million votes, and the guy he was up against got killed in a mysterious boating accident.
The company that makes Viagra has started letting customers order it online. So finally, someone's figured out a way for the internet to give men erections.
The woman who claims Justin Bieber fathered her lovechild says they had sex in a bathroom. Meanwhile Justin is saying he didn't know they had sex, he just thought the babysitter gave him a really good bath. 
An Atlanta-based rapper is suing 50 Cent for copyright infringement.  50 Cent is being sued for copyright infringement by the rapper "One Quarter, Two Dimes and a Nickel."
President Obama is set to appear on one of Oprah Winfrey's last shows.  Obama says he's really hoping it's the one where she gives away $14 trillion.
One of President Obama's goals tonight is to win back female voters. Which explains why Obama's going to answer every question with a passage from "50 Shades of Grey."
You’d better get a piano crate if you want to bury me with all the airline earphones I’ve accumulated.
In a new survey, United was named America’s worst airline. Or as United reported it, "We’re #1!" 
A British company has released a new ice cream which is made with Viagra. They said their goal is to "give you a better erection, then make you too fat to find it."
A man in Canada is suing a company claiming the penis enlarger he bought from them doesn't work.  The penis enlargement company was shocked and said, "We've never had someone willing to testify against us in open court before."
Officials in the city of LA have said if the LA Kings win the Stanley Cup, there are currently no plans for a public celebration.  Not to worry though, Lakers fans have offered to riot on their behalf.
Yesterday was the New York City marathon. The marathon was won in record time by a democratic candidate running away from President Obama.
Anthropologists have discovered a tribe in the Amazon that has never made contact with the outside world.  And guess what, even they are sick of all those Geico commercials.
Disney World has become a popular location for Republican fundraisers. A favorite activity is to ride through "It’s A Small World" and deport most of the dolls. 
Megan Fox is pregnant. Which is weird, because I didn't know I could impregnate someone with my thoughts.
Match.com is charging $5,000.00 to set you up with someone who looks like your ex. And you wouldn’t believe how many guys on Match.com once dated Kate Upton.
The executives at BlackBerry are considering selling off the company. It’s being called a very lucrative move by "Six Years Ago Magazine."
Today President Obama admitted that the healthcare roll-out was a fiasco, blamed himself, and said "I’m not a perfect President."  Which explains why today, Fox News named him their "Employee of the Month."
Archaeologists discovered a skeleton couple that had been holding hands for 700 years. Dude, it’s been 700 years - make a move.
At a mall in Florida, a man was arrested for stealing a cardboard cutout of Justin Bieber.  It's the second theft linked to Justin Bieber, if you also inlcude MY HEART.
Played softball with my son last night. He says I “throw like a Conan.”
According to new research by the Journal of Sexual Medicine, size does matter when it comes to pleasing a woman in bed.  The study doesn't bother me, I just don't understand why it had to be cut out of the magazine and taped to my refrigerator.
In Southern California, a tunnel has been discovered containing drugs, electricity, a ventilation system, and railcars.  The tunnel was discovered by Paris Hilton's gynecologist. 
In a new study, researchers found that women have different types of orgasms when they are alone versus when they are with a partner. Apparently, the two different types of orgasms are called "real" and "fake."
86 year old Hugh Hefner is engaged to a 26 year old Playmate and they're getting married on New Year's Eve. Friends say that Hef's fiancée is busy planning the wedding while Hef is busy remaining alive. 
In China, a woman cut off her husband’s penis after she found out he was cheating, and then, after it got sewn back on, she went to the hospital and cut it off again. It just goes to show you, two wangs don’t make a right.
During a recent interview with "Playboy," Dick Cheney said that President Obama is the worst president in his lifetime. Meanwhile, subscribers to "Playboy" said Cheney was the worst centerfold in their lifetime.
I can't decide which I prefer, burial or cremation. Can you try one and then switch if you don't like it?
A new report claims that self-driving cars will be on the road by 2030. So by 2030, wherever we’re going, we’re going to be drunk when we get there.
The Bernie Sanders campaign is demanding proof that Hillary Clinton beat him in yesterday’s Iowa caucus. Today Hillary said, "Sure, let me check my server."
A new poll just came out that reveals 55% of Republicans are against gay marriage. The poll also found that 30% of Republicans support gay marriage, and 15% can’t stop fantasizing about it.
It’s tough this year. I’m worried Hillary’s a liar, and I’m worried Trump’s not.
Donald Trump is reportedly considering two Democrats for his cabinet. That’s right, and those Democrats are Donald Trump from 1996 and Donald Trump from 2004.
The state of Indiana has hired a PR firm to undo the damage from its religious freedom law. I think they may be trying too hard, because today the firm announced the new state motto: "Indiana - We’re OK With Buttstuff."
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has recently said he regrets dropping out of school, and making users hit "control, alt, delete" to log in. Both admissions appear in his new book, "Bill Gates: A Life of Failures."
I just got a ticket for driving while wearing VR goggles, yet the cop couldn't suggest any other way for me to feel like I'm riding a dragon.
It's being reported that Texas Governor Rick Perry met his wife when they were in elementary school.  Actually, at the time there was another boy who liked her too, but 9-year-old Rick Perry had him executed.
According to a new report, China now watches more porn than the US. This is great news — China is consuming something that’s made in our country.
Marriott is teaming up with IKEA on a new line of hotels. And they'll do it again in five years after the hotels fall apart.
Does anyone else have a feeling that Pakistan knows where the Hamburglar is?
I’ve just completed my brackets for March Sadness, and it’s Preventable Famine over Plague by six points.
When’s the last time you used an automatic pencil sharpener? Give it a shot, I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised.
There’s a new glitch in World of Warcraft that is turning the skin of some black players white. The glitch occurs when the player’s avatar walks into a Mumford and Sons concert.
Microsoft has received a patent for a GPS device that helps drivers avoid bad neighborhoods. The GPS will come free to anyone who purchases a 2012 Toyota Racist. It comes with "White Power" steering.
New reports reveal that the Navy SEALs who killed Osama bin Laden were told, "If he's not naked, shoot him."  They were also told, "If he's sleeping, take out a Sharpee and draw a penis next to his mouth."
This Valentine's Day, there's a new app called the "Love Calculator" that enables users to calculate their chances at love. Of course sometimes the app goes by its original name, a "breathalyzer."
People are angry at NBC for showing a promo that revealed the winner of a swimming event even though the race hadn't aired yet. This afternoon NBC apologized, saying, "We're just not used to people watching our network."
Miley Cyrus' fiancée is reportedly considering breaking it off, in part because of her performance at the VMAs.  He told Miley, “I’m sorry— but our relationship isn’t twerking.”
A Chinese investment firm has bought the company behind the Batman movies. Which explains why in the next Batman movie, a young Bruce Wayne sees his parents killed, then goes back to making iPhones at the factory.
A woman in China is getting a lot of attention for being the first mother to go on Chinese television and say something supportive about having a gay son. Unfortunately, all she said was "It's still better than having a daughter."
People asked me how I was able to get the cast of "Orange Is the New Black" to come to the show. Well, it wasn’t easy - it cost me 200 cigarettes and a tampon.
It's the hottest July on record in New York City, unless you count that summer I wore short shorts.
Yesterday, a man jumped the White House fence.  But after a brief chase, secret service was able to talk President Obama into coming back and continuing his term.
Queen Elizabeth said that she will not bring any more corgi dogs home to Buckingham Palace because they pose a tripping hazard. This was immediately deemed the Whitest Problem in the History of the World.
President Obama offered to wash Senators' cars if it would lead to an immigration bill. The Senators told Obama, "If you're going to wash our cars, why do we need immigrants?"
A couple decided to let the internet vote on the name of their future daughter. So this spring – look for the birth of the beautiful little girl named "Cat Fail Bieber."
The iPhone 6 can take 20 selfies in rapid succession, in case you were worried about the selfie shortage.
Some conservatives are accusing Hillary Clinton of faking her recent concussion. Bill Clinton defended her, saying, "Hey, when Hillary fakes something, I know it."
Discovery Channel has said that from now on they will only air factual documentaries. Or as they were known in the old days, documentaries.
Yesterday, another woman came forward with proof from the 1980s that Roy Moore pursued her when she was 17. Moore said, "What can I say, back then I was into older women."
A new exhibit shows eight of the alternate endings Ernest Hemingway considered using for his classic novel "A Farewell to Arms." In my opinion the worst is the one that ends with "SEE YA LATER, ARMS!"
This morning the White House rejected a plan from House Republicans. Apparently, the Republicans offered to end the shutdown if the Democrats would just go back in time and lose the 2008 presidential election.
A Florida man who accidentally fired a gun in a strip club restroom while trying to take a selfie has been sent to prison. The weird thing is everyone else at the Florida prison is there for the exact same reason.
During the interview last night on "60 Minutes," Donald Trump said, "I’m a very sober person." After hearing this, half of America said, "So were we until last Tuesday."
Marvel Comics is updating the Fantastic Four to give the heroes things like smartphones and iPads. So now when the Hulk gets mad, he rips his shirt and shouts, "HULK SEND ANGRY TEXT!!!" "HULK NO LOL!!!" "HULK HATE TINY BUTTONS!"
It's been announced that the entire British Royal Wedding will be streamed live on YouTube. Even more surprising—the service will be officiated by the Double Rainbow guy.
An Idaho man says that he was bitten by a rattlesnake at Wal-Mart. The man grew concerned when he saw something at Wal-Mart that was fast-moving and skinny.
KFC and McDonalds apologized after their meat suppliers were videotaped packaging meat that had fallen on the floor. Both restaurants pledged to stop buying meat from the company known as "The Five Second Rule Ranch."
Yesterday, Newt Gingrich's campaign bus got a flat tire in the gay section of Hollywood. Gingrich says he wishes he'd known this before he went around asking men for a quick "jack and a pump."
Am I the only one who cries during “Alien Vs. Predator”?
President Obama spent the weekend campaigning in Florida, trying to woo senior citizens. Which may be why he starts his speeches in Florida with, "Hi, I'm President Eisenhower with a tan."
Two thieves stole $16,000 worth of iPhones from a New York Apple store by dressing as Apple "Geniuses." Police are on the lookout for two "Actual Geniuses."
Earlier today in New York, Joe Biden’s niece was arrested.  The hardest part about arresting a Biden is convincing them they have the right to remain silent. 
There's a rumor that President Obama is going to stop by tonight's LA Kings hockey game.  The President doesn't want to draw attention to himself, he just wants to blend in with all the other black Hawaiian hockey fans.
Scientists now say life on Earth may have started after an accidental mashup between DNA and RNA. When asked for comment, Larry King said "That was one crazy weekend, man."
Rachel Dolezal, the former chapter leader of the Spokane NAACP who pretended to be black, is in talks to have her own reality TV show. It will be called "The Amazing Changing Race."
Guys named Guy must hate it when people pronounce their name guy.
My insistence on cuddling afterwards has taken all the fun out of masturbation.
Some experts say that this week, tv broadcasts may be occasionally interrupted by bursts of radiation from the sun. So if you're watching my show right now & see something large, orange, & hot–that's just me.
Last night, President Obama renewed his call for a "path to citizenship" for illegal aliens. Even more popular though was his road block to citizenship for Justin Bieber.
In a recent interview, David Hasselhoff said that he is currently seeing two women. Then his manager stepped in and said, "David, that's one woman—you're drunk."
According to a recent survey, the first thing a man notices about a woman is her hair. The survey was conducted by The Institute of Lies.
I’m told I speak Swedish with an Ikea accent.
On "60 Minutes," Vice President Joe Biden said he chose not to run for president because he couldn’t win. After hearing this, Bobby Jindal said, "since when is that a reason not to run?"
One Super Bowl ad that tested very poorly with both men and women was the GoDaddy ad with the supermodel making out with the nerd.  In fact, the only person who liked that ad was the nerd.
I only recently found out that lightning is God trying to kill spiders.
According to a new poll, 69 percent of Americans say that House Republicans are acting like "children." They may have a point, because when asked about it, Republicans giggled and said, "Haha you said '69.'"
US Snowboarding Champion Sage Kotsenburg said he wishes his gold medal was made of bacon.  Of course, if the medals were made of bacon, America wouldn’t be in fifth place, we’d be in first. 
Justin Bieber announced he is working with Kanye West on a new album. It’s coming out this fall - it’s called "Who Do You Hate More?"
Donald Trump Jr. is being represented by a mafia lawyer who has defended four New York crime families. So now the lawyer has updated his resume to say "defended five New York crime families."
In Michigan, an 87 year old man was arrested after police searched his car and found 228 pounds of cocaine. Police became suspicious when they pulled him over and he REALLY wouldn't stop talking about his grandchildren.
A tie score doesn't feel right. Who do I taunt?
IKEA is facing another food scandal - their "elk lasagna" was found to contain pork. Even worse, it was found to contain elk.
One of the nation’s defense agencies has a new app out for tracking Santa Claus. So it sounds like we’re finally going to capture the SOB.
The Gerald Ford Presidential Museum is closed due to the shutdown. Where’s my daughter supposed to celebrate her 10th birthday now?
Donald Trump is leading among Christian Evangelical voters. Apparently, Evangelicals like him because a Trump presidency would mean the world really is coming to an end.
The Army says it plans to start using lead-free, eco-friendly bullets. Also, unmanned drones will notify their presence with smooth jazz.
The FDA has approved a new hangover pill.  They also approved a Hangover II pill which is exactly the same as the first one.
Scientists at Yale taught monkeys to play a modified version of "Rock, Paper, Scissors." In fact, it's worked out so well, the monkeys use it to decide who gets to throw poo at the scientists.
President Trump had a physical today. After Trump's exam, his doctor said he found "no cognitive or mental issues whatsoever." But the doctor did say, "Keep in mind, I am a proctologist."
This coming weekend, Las Vegas will host the 45th anniversary Star Trek Convention. Which explains the city's new motto, "What happens in Vegas…is probably happening for the first time."
A new study reveals men and women who are "friends with benefits" are able to maintain the friendship even after the benefits end. The study refers to this arrangement as "marriage."
Today, Scarlett Johansson, Kerry Washington and Eva Longoria all spoke at the Democratic Convention.  This means Obama has all but clinched the crucial 13-year-old boy vote. 
Cameron Crowe has issued an apology for casting Emma Stone as a part-Asian woman in the movie "Aloha." The director also announced that his next film about Malcolm X will no longer star Benedict Cumberbatch.
A theater in Ohio is under fire for casting a white actor to play Martin Luther King Jr. Theatergoers realized something was off when they heard Dr. King say, "I have a dream, and it’s to see Coldplay live."
Three astronauts returned to Earth after spending 165 days aboard the International Space Station. They said there were three things they could see from space - The Great Wall of China, The Amazon Rainforest, and that photo of Kim Kardashian’s naked butt.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo is being accused of ethics violations. If the charges prove true, the Governor of New York would be forced to step down and become the Governor of New Jersey.
Archaeologists have discovered fossilized tomatillos believed to be 52 million years old. They were found in the kitchen of a San Bernardino Chili’s.
Police in Oregon are investigating a high school porn-making operation. Police became suspicious when they noticed the high school had 100% attendance.
Bernie Sanders admitted today that he "doesn’t appear" to be the nominee. Just to make sure, Bernie said he’ll stay in the race for two more years.
It’s been reported that a contributor to CNN has been having an affair with Ted Cruz. All I can say is, way to go, Wolf Blitzer!
Researchers say they may have figured out how the Ancient Egyptians built the Great Pyramid of Giza. What they haven’t figured out is how the Ancient Egyptians got Mexico to pay for it.
Breaking tradition, Republicans and Democrats will sit together, intermingled at tomorrow's State of the Union address.  So, if for no other reason, just tune in for the raw sexual tension.
A company is developing an elevator that can take you into space. Of course, don’t you hate when you’re going to Jupiter and someone gets on the elevator and presses Mars?
SeaWorld just announced that it is ending its orca shows. That’s the good news, the bad news is, they’re starting a new show where they beat the shit out of a trout.
President Trump dissolved his advisory council because a bunch of CEOs dropped out. Trump said they didn’t "take their job seriously." Trump then went back to golfing and retweeting memes while sitting on the toilet.
Earlier this week 20,000 angry demonstrators protested President Obama's visit to Indonesia.  Apparently, 3 out of 4 Indonesians believe he's an American.
When asked about Mitt Romney's Vice Presidential pick, Herman Cain suggested that he would bring some excitement to the ticket. Then he asked if Mitt Romney's wife is single.
If he’s elected president, the unmarried Senator Lindsay Graham said he’ll "have a rotating first lady." Unfortunately, no one knows how to break it to Graham that "The Rotating First Lady" is the first position in the Kama Sutra.
Kanye West has been invited to the Royal Wedding between Prince William and Kate Middleton.  Apparently Kanye was invited to serve as the "royal pain in the ass."
Nicki Minaj has come out with a pro-Romney song that contains the lyrics, "You lazy bitches is f-ing up the economy."  After hearing about it, Mitt Romney said, "I don't know who Nicki Minaj is but he sounds like a great guy."
A new study says that the first humans to arrive in what is now North America may have been Neanderthals. Apparently they came here to vote in the 2016 election.
In a new interview, the Octomom said she's received a flood of angry phone calls and death threats. And that's just from her uterus.
A sports medicine college has come out with its annual list of the fittest cities in America.  For the 4th year in a row, there aren’t any.
Kobe Bryant's wife stands to make as much as $75 million from their divorce.  In other words, Kobe's wife can now afford Lakers' tickets.
I asked nicely, but the DMV won’t change the hair color on my driver’s license to "pumpkin spice."
Today, President Obama appeared on "Oprah Winfrey" but the show was taped last week.  In fact, during the taping you can see Oprah Winfrey give Obama the order to get rid of Bin Laden.
I wish President Trump would stop calling "Good Friday" "Tremendous Friday, the Greatest Friday you’ve ever seen."
I’m trying to decide which to see: “Bad Teacher,” “Horrible Bosses” or “Crappy Transformers.”
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie announced he would no longer oppose gay marriage. He said, "How can I oppose anything that brings more cake into New Jersey?"
There's a rumor that Kanye West's next album will be entitled "I Am God." Either that, or someone just overheard Kanye West talking to himself.
Scientists discovered fossil evidence of the first swimming dinosaur, and Larry King hasn’t thanked me for not making a joke about it.
The Tea Party is forming its own debt "super committee" that will meet this week at a Florida Denny's. Trust me, you don't want to be the waiter who has to add the tax to their check.
Sesame Street has laid off 10% of its workers.  The Count told everybody,  “You have 1-2-3 minutes to clean out your desk.”
For the first time ever, Sesame Street is going to be tackling the issue of divorce.  They want to make it clear, that it's never the child's fault, and Ernie and Bert will remain friends.
Over the weekend, President Obama had a historic meeting with Cuba’s Raúl Castro. The two didn’t plan to meet, but you never know who you’re going to bump into at Coachella.
I suspected the U.S. Olympics team uniforms were made in China when I noticed the pants didn’t have a cup holder.
The Space Shuttle is coming to LA – It's going to be towed through downtown Los Angeles at 2 MPH.  In other words, it'll be traveling at the same speed as every other vehicle in LA.
Arby's has responded to critics of its venison sandwich saying the deer meat was not obtained by hunting. Arby’s said, "Our deer meat is obtained by driving."
Still not sure why, at the end of my appointment, the proctologist gave me a new toothbrush.
It's been reported that Charlie Sheen tried to pick up a woman using the line "I'm an A-List actor."  This is an improvement over Sheen's old pick-up line, "Do you take American Express?"
In New York, Sofia Vergara was denied entrance into a nightclub because she didn't have ID.  Actually, she did but she held it up here.
The latest trend in Colorado is marijuana-themed weddings. At a pot-themed wedding, the couples promise to "love, honor and whatevs."
A man in Oregon has brewed a beer made just for dogs. Finally – a way to get dogs to lower their sexual inhibitions!
This week, fast-food workers in 100 American cities are going on strike. The workers behind the counter want higher wages and better conditions, and the drive-thru workers — well, no one can understand what the hell they want.
Thanksgiving is just one week away.  It's hard to believe it's been a whole year since I made eye contact with my father.
A new report claims that almost half of Justin Bieber's 37 million Twitter followers are fake. Even more disturbing, the other half are real.
A woman in Wisconsin was asked to leave a McDonald’s because other customers felt unsafe around her therapy kangaroo. So the woman had to leave before she could buy her hoppy meal.
Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee announced he is running for President. And if you think Mike Huckabee can't possibly win, don't forget they said the same thing eight years ago about Mike Huckabee.
A recent study found that bottlenose dolphins sometimes murder other dolphins. However, police say it’s easy to find the culprit because dolphins love to squeal.
Some people are blaming Donald Trump’s loss in Wisconsin on the fact that he made fun of Ted Cruz’s wife with a photo on Twitter. Trump said he regrets the decision and wishes he had used Instagram.
I like to go to Whole Foods, put organic stickers on conventional produce, then sit back and watch the fireworks.
A new study came out and it claims that women would be better off going to bed two hours before men. The study was paid for by guys who want to watch porn.
Donald Trump told the "New York Times" that he’s only been getting four hours of sleep a night. In other words, even Donald Trump lies awake at night worrying about a Trump presidency.
Kim Kardashian has been diagnosed with psoriasis.  However, her doctor assured her it won't interfere with her ability to do nothing.
Here in California, they're about to open the world's first hotel made entirely of Legos. It's expected to do better than last year's "Jenga Bed And Breakfast."
Yesterday, President Obama arrived in Cuba, a formerly hostile territory. Tomorrow he returns to Washington, a currently hostile territory.
The IRS has introduced new technology allowing you to pay your taxes at a 7-Eleven. So just imagine: You can now declare your earnings from 2015 while eating a hot dog from 2005.
At the Phoenix Airport, a woman is being accused of groping a TSA agent. The woman was taken into custody and immediately hired by the TSA.
We're losing a lot of talk show hosts.  Oprah Winfrey retired.  Larry King retired.  Regis is retiring.  Gaddafi had a morning show.  Did you watch "Coffee with Gaddafi?"  It was terrible.
According to a new study, couples who have a sex schedule are more likely to stay together. Even better news – my wife penciled me in for late August.
Analysts say that Donald Trump’s GOP rivals are running out of time to defeat him. This is not according to the electoral schedule - it’s according to the Book of Revelations.
Congrats to Adam Scott on his incredible and historically significant Masters win! I hope this doesn't mean he's leaving "Parks & Rec".
It's being reported that Target is requiring its employees to use the word "amazing," as much as possible.  So now employees say things like, "You're so fat, it's amazing you're not at Wal-Mart."
Keanu Reeves has confirmed that there will be a third "Bill & Ted" movie. In it, Keanu travels through time and space to find out what happened to the other guy from the "Bill & Ted" movies.
Chipotle is offering a special Halloween promotion. Did you know that? That’s right! Your mouth gets a treat, and then your colon gets a trick.
A man in France is suing Google because they posted a Google Street View picture of him peeing on his front lawn. On the bright side, at least now we know where Gerard Depardieu lives.
In Florida, a couple has been accused of making meth in a public library. Isn’t that crazy? Florida has a library! 
It's been revealed that a doctor once removed fat from Moammar Gadhafi's belly and injected it into his face. The doctor called the procedure, "Operation: Not Helping."
The city with the highest per capita consumption of Twinkies is none other than, you guessed it, Chicago.  The study appeared in the latest issue of "No Shit, Sherlock Magazine."
Earlier tonight, President Obama held a state dinner for the Premier of China, Hu Jintao.  The world leader with the funny name who grew up in Asia said he enjoyed meeting Jintao.
It's quiet today in LA. Reminds me of the day the Kings won the Stanley Cup.
Carnival cruise line has announced a brand new "all you can drink" cruise. Carnival said the unlimited alcohol cruise is a great to inaugurate their new ship, the S.S. What Could Possibly Go Wrong?
Rapper Lil Wayne said that he just read the Bible for the first time, and his favorite part was when a "character was once this, but he ended up being that."  No one has the heart to tell Lil Wayne he was actually reading "The Very Hungry Caterpillar."
To my fellow hikers: that noise I made when the butterfly came toward my face was a terrified shriek of delight.
It's now the law in Southern California that police must screen all adult films to make sure condoms are being used.  Which explains the LAPD's new motto, "To Protect and Perv."
One of the latest trends in Colorado is marijuana-themed weddings. It’s the only kind of wedding where the usher asks if you’re with the bride or the dude. 
A new political ad came out slamming Donald Trump and it bleeps out his swear words and criticizes his profanity. The ad ends with Hillary Clinton saying, "I can’t believe the shit that comes out of that f***er’s mouth."
In California, thieves broke into a Microsoft office and only stole the Apple iPads.  Today, a spokesman for Microsoft said, "They're not just thieves, they're also dicks."
The House of Representatives has passed a bill that would allow people to carry a concealed weapon from one state to another.  In other words, my trip back to Boston for Thanksgiving just got a lot more interesting.
It’s come out that a porn star took an army sergeant as her date to the Adult Video Awards. It was the first time a soldier got to say, "Thank YOU for YOUR service."
Today Flavor Flav is going to court on a possible felony charge. The judge has set Flavor Flav's bail at $100,000, or three of his teeth.
Staples has agreed to buy Office Depot for six billion dollars. The funny thing is they just popped in there to buy envelopes…and then they got carried away.
President Obama is going on a three day live tour to preview his upcoming State of the Union speech. It's pretty exciting - Obama rushes out on stage and shouts, "ARE YOU READY FOR SOME STUFF THAT'S NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN?"
If he or she owns finger cymbals, chances are the sex will be memorable.
In an interview, Spike Lee said that Bernie Sanders' campaign song should be "Brooklyn’s in the House." Today, Bernie Sanders said, "I don’t know who this 'Spike Lee' is, but I hope he can deliver the Asian vote."
In a speech, Marco Rubio talked about the danger of electing a president who does not understand technology. Unfortunately, Rubio's speech was interrupted when his beeper went off.
Yesterday, Katy Perry helped deliver her sister’s baby. The baby was nervous when he saw Katy Perry and said "If you’re my mom I don’t think I can drink all that."
There’s a new app that turns your texts into lines from Shakespeare. The most popular one used for booty calls is "Art thou up?"
"Harry Potter" star Daniel Radcliffe is in a new movie where he appears in some gay sex scenes. It's called "Harry Potter & The Prison Shower of Azkaban."
Scientists have created a birth control pill for men. They say if it works, it could replace the old birth control for men: axe body spray.  
An audio clip from five years ago has been released of Michele Bachmann predicting the end of the world. Actually, her exact words were, "I'm going to run for President in 2012."
I’ll spend this Presidents' Day like I spent the last one, bitterly imagining my profile on a coin.
According to a new survey, 42% of Americans have an unfavorable view of hipsters.  When they heard this, hipsters said, "Big deal – We had an unfavorable view of ourselves way before it was cool."
This is Regis Philbin's last week on the air, and he holds the record for most hours on TV at a total of 17,000 hours.  A record we're gonna break tonight!
In South Carolina, a woman was convicted of defrauding her sorority of $235,000. It was the landmark case of Jen vs a bunch of Ashleys.
Someone in the Vatican was found downloading porn. He was looking at shocking images of women in positions of leadership.
Elton John revealed that the godmother to his son is Lady Gaga. Which explains why Elton's son's first words were, "I get it, you're gay." 
Red Lobster is coming out with a new menu aimed primarily at people who don't like seafood. They were inspired by The Olive Garden whose menu has always been aimed at people don't like Italian food.
Starting today in L.A., all porn actors are now required by law to wear condoms during all sex scenes. And also, for some reason, they have to wear Crocs.
In an interview today, Donald Trump called President George W. Bush "the worst president in the history of the United States." Then he added, "Until, of course, I'm elected."
Brazilian officials have asked all tourists not to fight or scream if they get mugged. They’ve also asked people to please not die if they get murdered.
Today is Game 6 of the World Series. Based on previous games, this one is expected to last two full days.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid says he will not be attending tonight's State Dinner because he considers Hu Jintao "a dictator."  In response, Jintao said, "You'll be coming, you'll have the fish, and you'll like it!"
Showtime announced it's canceling the marijuana-themed show.  Fans of "Weeds" were so upset they almost did something.
They discovered bed bugs can procreate with their siblings. This is not the image boost bed bugs needed.
I’m halfway through Hillary Clinton’s book. I don’t want to ruin the ending but I bet she kills this guy “Bill."
President Obama is in trouble for saying that California's female Attorney General, Kamala Harris, is good-looking.  When asked for comment, Bill Clinton said, "That guy is out of control."
According to a new report, Chik-Fil-A is now more profitable than KFC. To try and catch up, KFC has just unveiled its new product, "Extra Crispy Gay-Hatin’ Wings."
YouTube has redone their Website to make it much easier to find your favorite channels. Now the screen just lets you choose between your choice of "Cats," "Getting Hit in the Nuts," or "Cats Getting Hit in the Nuts."
The new "X-Men" movie had the lowest-earning opening weekend of any of the X-Men movies.  Producers have already announced one of the mutants for the next X-men movie, "Sporadically Topless Girl."
Just saw "Gravity" in 3-D. Can’t believe all that happened because someone downloaded iOS 7 on an iPhone 4.
In Texas yesterday, Donald Trump told an adoring crowd, "We are killing it! We are really killing it." Of course, he was talking about the Republican Party.
Last weekend, a German woman gave birth to a 13.47 lb baby. Doctors say the mom is resting comfortably and the baby is invading Poland.
In California, a 90-year-old grandmother celebrated her birthday by going skydiving. Not intentionally, she just kind of wandered off the plane.
Presidential candidate Rand Paul said Mitt Romney’s defeat proves that safe candidates can’t win and that a candidate needs to take big chances. So about an hour ago Rand Paul announced his running mate will be Suge Knight.
After yesterday's 600-point drop, the stock market fell and then got back up again six times today. So basically, the stock market is acting like me after 3 Appletini's.
President Trump’s doctor predicted that the President will live a long life. As a result, the doctor is now treating Melania Trump for depression.
A new Republican ad features a young woman breaking up with a cardboard cut-out of President Obama.  The ad ends with her choosing a cardboard cut-out of Mitt Romney which turns out to actually be Mitt Romney.
According to a poll, about a third of couples who attend Comic-Con met there. And the most common pick up line they used was, "Your parents basement or mine?"
Some people are saying that Kim Kardashian’s nude photo is actually a positive feminist statement. Those people are called "husbands caught looking at it."
Nearly one million adults in the U.S. are in a same sex marriage. That’s compared to the nearly 40 million adults in a no sex marriage.
MSNBC abruptly ended its relationship with Keith Olbermann last week, and apparently, there's a provision in his contract which states he's not allowed on television for at least six months.  Or, as industry experts call it, "the Conan."
Do you think Henry the VIII and Anne Boleyn liked their celebrity couple name, "Anery the VIIIeyn?"
In Britain, a group of hikers had to be rescued from the country’s highest peak because they were too stoned to walk. The hikers were thousands of feet high, and then they started climbing the mountain.
A day after dropping out of the presidential race, Rick Santorum is trying to figure out his next move. For now, Santorum's returned to his previous job: traveling to small towns across America and forcing them to outlaw dancing.
Amazon.com is coming under fire for selling a book about pedophilia. If you think that's bad, you should see what Amazon says buyers of the book "Might Also Like."
For the first time ever, women in Saudi Arabia will be able to register to vote. Saudi women will get to vote on whether to live in the 9th or 10th century.
As you probably all heard, North Korea has backed off its threat to launch a nuclear missile at Guam. So now the tile of "Crazy Tyrant Most Likely to Destroy America" returns to defending champion, Donald Trump!
A Nobel Prize winning scientist was asked about female scientists, and he said, "Three things happen when they are in the lab: You fall in love with them, they fall in love with you, and when you criticize them, they cry." His funeral is Saturday.
As part of its new transparency campaign, McDonald’s has released a video showing how its Chicken McNuggets are made. It’s not bad, apparently the McNuggets die naturally after being fed the McRib.
Chuck Norris said that if President Obama is re-elected, it would lead to "a thousand years of darkness." Then he said, if Romney wins, it will lead to four years of "extreme whiteness."
President Trump is considering opening federal park land to developers. In fact, builders have already broken ground on a Bed, Bath & Grand Canyon.
Yemen's president Ali Abdullah Saleh says that, despite protests, he has no plans to resign.  His exact words were, "The Oscars are Sunday, I've got a widescreen at the palace—you do the math."
The new "Grand Theft Auto" is coming out, and it takes place in a city modeled on Los Angeles. You can steal a car in five seconds, but you need five hours to get it home in traffic.
Oprah Winfrey's longtime boyfriend Stedman Graham has written a book about being proud of who you are. Not helping is that the cover of the book says "Written by ‘Oprah Winfrey's Boyfriend.'"
Yesterday there was a big Internet rumor that Jon Bon Jovi was dead. That, of course, would have meant that the band would be taken over by his son, Kim Jong Jovi.
There’s now a hybrid Lamborghini for environmentally-conscious men with small penises.
Over the weekend, Madonna attended her son's Bar Mitzvah. The ancient institution that turns boys into men said the Bar Mitzvah was a lot of fun.
President Bill Clinton called the decision to kill bin Laden a "profoundly important moment," while Sarah Palin called it, "another example of Muslim on Muslim crime."
I can’t believe the aerobic workout I get every day running from Cat Deeley’s bodyguards.
Los Angeles County is ranked #1 in the nation when it comes to chlamydia. However, that ranking drops to #9 whenever the Lakers are on the road.
Some scientists now believe dinosaurs had sex while on their side to avoid their mate's spiny tail.  When asked why they were thinking about how dinosaurs had sex, the scientists got real quiet.
Due to system failure, many people were unable to update their Facebook status. Incidentally, for the few hours that Facebook was down, we were actually competitive with China. 
Yesterday, Hillary Clinton made the big announcement we all knew was coming. That’s right - she’s going to join the all-female cast of "Ghostbusters."
Scientists have discovered that men are genetically programmed to look at other women. So… sorry ladies… it’s SCIENCE.
Today, the CEO of Yahoo announced a faster, simpler version of "Yahoo mail." It's called "Gmail."
Police in New Jersey arrested a Dunkin' Donuts employee for prostituting herself out to customers.  So apparently, anything with a hole is for sale at Dunkin' Donuts.
Baskin-Robbins will be cutting five ice cream flavors at the end of July. Farewell, "Cadaver Chunk."
A new report shows the NSA posed as gamers in "World of Warcraft" to monitor terrorists. Apparently, the "World of Warcraft" community is heaven for terrorists because it’s full of virgins.
The United Kingdom could soon become the first country to legalize babies that were born using the DNA of 3 people. In a related story, Andy, myself and Ryan Gosling have a big announcement to make.
President Obama said he did not know Jay-Z and Beyonce were taking a trip to Cuba.  When he heard this, Bill Clinton was outraged and said, "The President should know where Beyoncé is at all times." 
When you think about it, every cake has the potential to be a crumb cake.
Russia has been banned from the Winter Olympics. But don’t feel bad, Russia - even though you won’t win any gold medals, you did win the US presidential election.
The new ad campaign for Match.com refers to red hair and freckles as "imperfections." That’s why for years women have been asking me if the carpet is as imperfect as the drapes.
A Somali pirate leader has been captured in a sting operation where he was lured to Belgium with a promise of starring in a movie about his life.  In a related story, the leader of the Taliban has been offered a part on "Two Broke Girls."
The founder of Domino's Pizza is suing the government because he says Obamacare goes against his pro-life principles. The Dominos founder said, "I believe life begins at conception, and ends with a heart attack at 59."
Same-sex couples can now get married in Florida, and are pledging "Til Meth Do Us Part."
In an interview, Joan Rivers said she has had 739 surgical procedures.  In fact, she started out as a man from Kenya. 
Over the weekend, Nicholas Cage was arrested for public drunkenness.  To make sure he wasn't a danger to himself or others, police took away his belt, shoelaces and the script for Ghost Rider II.
Donald Trump's children are helping him transition to the White House. Right now 10-year-old Barron Trump is interviewing the next head of the NSA.
Google has banned the neo-Nazi website "The Daily Stormer" from its site. So now if you want to search for hate groups on the Internet, you’re completely out of luck!
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg turned 28 this week. He got a watch from his girlfriend, a sweater from his parents and from the rest of us, all of our credit card numbers.
Netflix is testing a new feature that will allow you to hide what you’ve been watching. You just click the button that says, "I want to stay married."
An entrepreneur is proposing a new mode of transportation called the Hyperloop that would take you from Los Angeles to San Francisco in half an hour. Not only that, it can take you from one side of Los Angeles to the other in only three hours. 
Bernie Sanders is set to meet with Hillary Clinton this evening. Bernie said the meeting will give Hillary one last opportunity to bow out gracefully.
Both Miley Cyrus and her fiancée Liam Hemsworth have moved on.  Liam has already been spotted with another woman and Miley has been spotted at the hardware store licking the hammers.
I can’t wait for my kids to open their Labor Day presents. I gave them each an extra sick day for the upcoming fiscal quarter.
In the United States, there are nearly 1.8 million dead people who are still registered to vote.  As a matter of fact, they're the group that's most passionate about Mitt Romney.
This weekend, Mitt Romney suggested that President Obama wants to remove the phrase "In God We Trust" from US coins.  Or as Romney calls coins, "Those jingling things you people have."
Someone hacked into Mitt Romney's email account after correctly guessing the answer to his security question.  Apparently, the question was "Who was your First Grade Teacher?" and Romney responded, "Who cares, I've got 200 million dollars."
The Supreme Court has ruled that city council meetings may open with a prayer. Especially if the city in question is Detroit.
Facebook is expanding its campaign to combat online hate speech. In other words, Facebook is shutting down.
In Las Vegas, at a convention of 1,200 Latino leaders, only one Republican presidential candidate chose to show up. Even worse, his first words were, "Which one of you guys wants to park my car?"
Donald Trump is still under fire for mocking a reporter with physical disabilities. Trump told his supporters, "Don’t worry, I’ll soon do something worse and all this will be forgotten."
My son just built a Death Star out of LEGOs, which is scary since the LEGO kit was for a barn.
A bar in San Francisco recently hosted a high tech dance party powered by the IBM supercomputer Watson. Unfortunately, Watson got really drunk and kept shouting, "Who wants to blow my circuits?"
A man in Florida was arrested for having sex for the second time with his neighbor's horse. Apparently, this guy just can't take "nay" for an answer.
In a new interview, Michael Vick said that owning a dog would really help his rehabilitation.  After hearing this, dogs everywhere said, "We're good."
A company is coming out with a "beer drone" that will deliver beer to attendees at music festivals.  In a related story, everyone is now fine with drones.
A new study claims that people who have smoked marijuana over 100 times are more likely to suffer health risks. In a related story, Snoop Dogg died in 1978.
I know it's wrong to generalize, but I just don't like murderers.
Analysts say Bernie Sanders has shifted his focus to more aggressive attacks on Hillary Clinton. In fact, Sanders is planning to go after her e-mails as soon as his granddaughter explains to him what an "e-mail" is.
The Today Show team hosted the lighting of the Rockefeller Christmas Tree and there was no mention of Matt Lauer. NBC executives said, "We think one exposed piece of wood is enough for tonight."
In some parts of the world, filet mignon is considered a delicacy.
Comedy Central announced that they’re going to be roasting Justin Bieber on March 7th. The Bieber roast will start on March 7th and end sometime in June.
After the game, Super Bowl MVP Joe Flacco announced his wife is pregnant.  Apparently, he went against NFL rules and impregnated the woman he's married to.
On last night's "Dancing with the Stars," Chaz Bono came in last place. Judges said he danced so badly "it was like he had a third leg."
Donald Trump Jr. released a series of emails showing he actively tried to collaborate with the Russians before the election. When he heard this, Donald Trump said, "Good luck trying to connect me to Donald Trump Jr."
Tomorrow is Election Day. That’s right, the day we Americans wake up, consider our options, and then remember we didn’t register to vote.
Yesterday, Donald Trump’s doctor said that Trump takes the hair-growth drug Propecia. Here’s the creepy part: not for his head.
Charlie Sheen is going to do 3 months of rehab, but he's going to be doing it in his own home. In a related story, Charlie Sheen has just changed his legal residency to the Bogota, Colombia Hooters.
For the first time in 40 years, more Mexicans are leaving the United States than are coming to it. Not because of our economy, but because they're sick and tired of explaining that Taco Bell isn't real Mexican food.
The U.S. vs. Ghana World Cup game drew a record 15.9 million American viewers. This breaks the old record of Americans watching soccer by 15.8 million viewers.
WARNING: This tweet is not for younger readers! OK, here we go. Tits.
According to experts, California is suffering a record shortage of teachers. Which explains California’s new recruiting policy: "OK, You Can Sleep With One Student."
At the Missouri State Fair, a rodeo clown put on a President Obama mask and tried to get a bull to chase him. But it backfired because the bull just sat down and said, “Let’s be fair and see what he does with his second term.”
Paula Abdul is looking for a new assistant who will constantly remind her that she is "a warrior, a survivor and a gift." In other words, her new assistant must be able to type over 50 lies a minute.
Just woke up from a nap and discovered 18 more “Game of Thrones” characters have been killed.
Today is "Cyber Monday." Which means tomorrow is "I was drunk when I bought that crap" Tuesday.
According to a recent report by the Census Bureau, more residents are moving away from California than any other state. As a result, California has just changed its state motto to: "California: We Have Medical Marijuana."
Over the weekend, the nominations for the annual porn awards came out. I don't want to sound bitter, but who do you have to blow to get one of those?
The CW is developing a reality show that pairs people with a celebrity that they hate. It's called "The Kanye West Show."
President Obama has decided he wants his Presidential Library to be in Chicago, not Hawaii. Today, Hawaii’s governor said, "Great, who’s going to want to come to Hawaii now?"
Ever notice that you never see The Lorax and Wilford Brimley in the same room together? #AdmitItWilford
I watch RuPaul’s Drag Race to learn how to unhook a bra.
Donald Trump lost the Iowa Caucus. Trump blamed the media, bad weather, and Iowa’s three Muslims.
Louisiana Govenor Bobby Jindal announced he’s running for President by releasing a video in which he and his wife tell their kids that he’s running. There was a really cute moment when his youngest son said, "Dad, you have no chance."
Beautiful day - just saw Trump’s policy advisor Stephen Miller sunning himself on a rock, eating a cricket.
A new study shows that the cartoon "Spongebob Squarepants" causes learning problems in four-year-olds.  It also convinces four-year-olds that all sponges wear pants and are kinda gay.
An Oregon tech blogger said he was able to unlock his iPhone 5s using his genitals. So, finally, a tech blogger has found a use for his genitals.
Trump is very relieved to be back in America, where he understands what the protestors are saying.
Life hack: drink 13 Pumpkin Spice Lattes in a row, and your bathroom will smell just like fall!
An Amish community is in trouble because their outhouse is leaking into the public water supply. Quilt your way out of this one, beardy!
Lately, instead of showering, I just stroll through the perfume department at Macy’s.
Believe it or not Al Qaeda has started an English language advice column. Not to be outdone, today the Taliban released its 10 favorite ways to cook chicken.
In Humboldt County, California, firefighters saved marijuana plants from a burning building. After the pot plants were put away in a safe place, the firefighters went back for the people who were inside.
Today, Van Halen premiered its first new music video with David Lee Roth in 28 years.  The song is entitled, "Mall-walking with the Devil."
In tonight's Republican Presidential debate, Tim Pawlenty, Gary Johnson, Rick Santorum, and Herman Cain each answered two questions: "What will you do about the economy?" and "Who the hell are you?"
A new study just came out that found that breast implants can save your life if you’re shot in the chest. In a related story, the "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" just joined Seal Team 6.
Khloe Kardashian and her husband, Los Angeles Laker Lamar Odom are coming out with a cologne for Valentine's Day. The cologne is called "One of Us Has a Skill."
In her latest music video, Miley Cyrus appears naked on a wrecking ball. It’s the video for her new song, "Metaphor."
Olympics officials have determined that it's too cold for the women's beach volleyball competitors to wear bikinis. In a related story, today Bill Clinton came out in favor of global warming.
The New Oxford Dictionary has declared Sarah Palin's made-up word "refudiate" the 2010 word of the year.  Palin was honored and said she'll continue to do her best to "dismangle" the English language.
"Orange Is the New Black" has helped usher in a new TV trend called binge-watching. This blends nicely with another popular trend in America: unemployment.
An NFL player is about to become a father for the 12th time with nine different women. So today, he was traded to the NBA.
The #1 movie at the box office again this weekend was "The Possession," which is a Jewish version of "The Exorcist." The climax of the film is when they force the ghost to retire to Boca Raton.
I consider myself a one-percenter since I’m in the one percent of people who saw both “Deuce Bigelow” movies.
Mitt Romney has issued an apology for some of his high school pranks. Probably the meanest prank was the time Romney bought his high school and fired everyone in it.
President Obama is being criticized for not attending today’s ceremony commemorating the Gettysburg Address. In fairness though, Lincoln didn’t attend Obama’s "Sorry about this crappy website" speech.
While Pope Francis was visiting a children’s center, a young boy snatched the Pope’s hat off. And, according to a little known Vatican Law, that boy is now the new Pope.
10 years ago today, Mark Zuckerberg launched Facebook. Zuckerberg said, "It all started with the dream of helping people keep track of how fat their exes have gotten."
Donald Trump said that if President Obama releases his birth certificate, he will release his tax returns. In response, the President said, "Oh yeah, well I promise not to run for a 2nd term if you release that thing on your head."
In New York City, four strippers were arrested for drugging wealthy men and running their credit cards for thousands of dollars. The sad part is that wealthy men may never be able to trust strippers again.
Newt Gingrich is trying to save his campaign by focusing only on areas where he has the most support.  So he's mostly focusing on Georgia, Tennessee, and the Cheesecake Factory.
Sarah Palin's son Track has filed for divorce from his wife.  Well, good luck finding another woman willing to say, "I love you, Track."
It’s Veteran’s Day and today, Hooters offered free meals for veterans.  So they’re honoring those who landed on D-Day with Double D-day.
California police are on the fourth day of a manhunt for three escaped convicts. The dangerous sociopaths are believed to be headed to Iowa so they can vote for Donald Trump.
In my entire life, I’ve never heard a single person say, "OK, who ate all the Goddamn Saltines?"
It came out today that Hillary Clinton follows Katy Perry on Twitter. And Bill Clinton follows Katy Perry on tour.
For Mother’s Day I’m giving my wife the one thing she wants from me: space.
In a recent interview, Robert Downey Jr. confirmed that he was paid $50 million to star in The Avengers. Now the Hulk is REALLY angry.
President Trump is being criticized now for allowing his daughter Ivanka to sit in for him at the G-20 summit. At a press conference today, the White House Press Secretary's 8-year-old daughter said, "It’s no big deal."
Going into New Hampshire, Jeb Bush was polling at 5th place. Not among the candidates, among the members of the Bush family.
Verizon has purchased Yahoo! and plans to merge it with AOL. Verizon said its goal is to become the RC Cola of the Internet.
In a recent interview, Octomom Nadya Suleman said, "I have zero sexual interest." Which is too bad because what's sexier than an exhausted uterus?
Because of the government shutdown, President Obama has had to scale back his planned trip to Asia. As a result, Obama will just cross the street and eat lunch at a Panda Express.
On Friday, the Occupy Wall Street protesters were joined by 92-year-old folk legend Pete Seeger. Things got a little awkward when the protesters shouted, "What do we want?" and Pete answered, "To pee very badly."
In Washington, a native-American tribe has approved same-sex marriage. The decision was passed down by the tribe's leader, Chief "Dances to Gaga."
The Super Bowl is Sunday; quick poll: How many of you are rooting for the Ravens?  How many for the 49ers?  And who's going to blow the whole thing off to watch Downton Abbey?
Yesterday’s episode of "Jeopardy" ended with no one winning. Viewers at home were confused and thought they were watching a Republican debate.
Never tell a newly divorced masseuse to "take your anger out on my shoulders."
A new health initiative has been launched to try and get more rabbis in shape. It's the first exercise program that replaces "Feel the Burn" with "Oy, The Burning!"
Tonight is the first night of Hanukkah. It’s a spiritual journey into light and darkness that lasts 8 days, just like the movie "Interstellar."
There's going to be a same sex marriage on the show tonight.  When I told my parents we were having a gay marriage on the show my dad said, "I knew it!"
After Domino's admitted it used to make terrible pizza, JC Penney has come out with an ad apologizing for disappointing its customers.  And just this morning, Office Depot said it wished it had been a better father. 
In a new interview, Michael Vick said he'd like to own a dog someday.  When asked to comment, dogs everywhere said, "Meow."
Analysts say that to woo female voters tonight, both candidates will try to come off as the "good husband." When asked for comment, Bill Clinton said, "That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard."
Earlier today, Libyan television caught Moammar Gadhafi driving through Tripoli, pumping his fists in a convertible.  Say what you want about Moammar Gadhafi, but nothing gets in the way of his Spring Break.
I keep offering my brain to science, and science keeps saying, "No, we're good."
In honor of Cyber Monday, Amazon has a Segway on sale for $400 off its regular price. So good news, it’s never been cheaper to look like a douche.
Hillary Clinton and President Obama have been publicly feuding about foreign policy, but Hillary Clinton says they’re going to see each other at a party tomorrow, and they plan on "hugging it out." When Bill Clinton heard this, he said, "Oh, so it’s that kind of party." 
Donald Trump says that he is serious about buying an NFL team. Trump said, "I love football, that’s why I’m always wearing this helmet."
Last night in LA, Kings fans taunted New Jersey Devils fans with giant cardboard cutouts of Jersey Shore characters. Sadly, then New Jersey tried to taunt LA fans with cardboard cutouts of constant sunshine and legal marijuana.
A Swedish firm has designed an efficient city that features buildings on wheels that can be moved in or out of town as desired.  This ingenious city of the future is known as a "trailer park."
Another Monday where I can’t decide which Archie character to shave into my chest.
If you say the word "lozenge" 50 times out loud, it starts sounding really weird. Also, your family leaves the dining table.
It's being reported that even though Oprah Winfrey's show is ending this week, she's planning to stay active. Oprah Winfrey said, "I don't want to be one of those sad women who just sits at home watching daytime TV."
After Herman Cain told his alleged mistress to "prove it," she produced 61 phone or text messages from Cain. After that, Cain said, "When I said prove it, I meant, go away quietly."
For the holidays, the makers of Pringles are coming out with a white chocolate peppermint-flavored potato chip. In a related story, Pfizer is coming out with cinnamon-flavored insulin.
I watched the Kentucky Derby and said to my wife, “All that build up for two minutes.” Why did she give me that look?
It’s rumored that President Trump’s upcoming trip to the UK is on hold because he’s worried about angry protests. I have to admit, of all the wars I thought Trump might re-start, I wasn’t counting on "Revolutionary."
L.A. is full of neurotic, egomaniacal attention whores. But there’s also bad people.
It's come out that President Trump enjoys eating cheeseburgers in bed, which explains why Melania likes to go to bed disguised as a salad.
While on the campaign trail, Mitt Romney accidentally said he was in Iowa while he was giving a speech in New Hampshire.  Afterwards, Romney apologized and said, "I momentarily mixed up my sea of white people."
I’m what’s known as a "Tiger Dad." If my kids don’t get straight A's, I threaten to practice the violin.
In Iowa, a man said he’s lost 40 pounds eating only McDonald's for three months. Not to be outdone, a man in Illinois lost 60 pounds after eating White Castle just once.
I’m going to go see the movie "Aloha." I’m dying to know if it ends with a hello or a good-bye.
Last night President Trump spoke at a rally in Arizona and really fired up his supporters. He opened his speech by saying, "Our movement is a movement built on love." In other words, he started with his best joke.
Kanye West is dating Kim Kardashian and recently had dinner with Kim's whole family. There was an awkward moment when Kim's parents told Kanye they expect him to do the right thing and fake marry their daughter. And get the night on video.
During the final push of the election, Bill Clinton criticized Obamacare in a speech and said it’s "the craziest thing in the world." It’s all part of Bill’s nationwide "Not Helping" tour.
In Oklahoma, two men dressed as Batman and Captain America tried to rob someone at a gas station. They are being charged with attempted robbery and mixing Marvel with DC.
In New York, a cocaine trafficking ring was busted after they were caught pretending to be Uber drivers. Police called Uber the perfect cover for cokeheads, because most Uber drivers also never stop talking.
Taco Bell took out full-page ads in the Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, and USA Today detailing the facts about their beef.  Not surprisingly, the ad makes great bathroom reading.
Whole Foods has started selling rabbit meat. They’re killing them humanely; they’re only using rabbits who died of shock after seeing the prices at Whole Foods. 
There’s a new app out there that describes itself as "Tinder for adopting babies." So one day, siblings will be taunting each other with, "Ha ha, Mom right-swiped you!"
Tourism experts say that the city of Paris, France has a serious bed bug problem. When they heard about it, French people said "Looks like 500 years of not showering has come back to literally bite us in the ass."
The married couple in their 60's who won the Mega Millions lottery said they giggled about it for hours. And by "giggle," they mean nervously plotted to murder each other.
Seriously, the Olympic badminton players were apparently trying to lose on purpose. But really, if you trained day and night for 4 years to be in the Olympics for badminton, in a way haven't you already lost?
Yesterday, Bill Gates won an award for his charity work in medical research and the prize is worth $250,000.  So it looks like Bill Gates won’t be flying coach for a while.
Yesterday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions visited Portland, Oregon. After his visit, Sessions said, "You know, dreadlocks aren’t so scary when they’re on a white guy."
Some people are saying Lindsay Lohan dressed inappropriately for her court appearance yesterday by wearing a short, tight fitting dress.  Lohan apologized to the judge and said, "Tomorrow, I'll steal something more appropriate." 
Tomorrow, the Mars Rover will premiere the new Black Eyed Peas song by beaming it back to Earth. In other words, the rover has turned against us!
Tomorrow is Halloween. I just have to say, ladies and gentlemen, if you were planning on going as "Sexy Conan," it’s taken. 
According to a survey, 25% of men say they’ve watched porn online. The survey also revealed that 75% of men are liars.
Authorities believe that Osama bin Laden fathered between 20 and 26 children. Even more astonishing, he named them all George Foreman Jr.
I hope the government wasn’t spying on iPhones, or they’re going to have millions of records of people saying, “Sorry, you’re cutting out.”
Yesterday, Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow threw an 80-yard touchdown pass to beat the Pittsburgh Steelers.  Unfortunately, after seeing Tebow lose his last three games, Jesus put $5,000 on the Steelers.
In his first interview since losing the election, Mitt Romney said it kills him to not be in the White House. He said he'll always think of it as the one house he couldn't buy.
A Catholic priest is causing controversy by calling Lego products "tools of Satan." Sounds to me like someone just stepped on a Lego barefoot.
Yesterday, President Obama admitted that he owns an iPad. Obama says he uses it to play his favorite game, “Angry Birthers.”
I watch pro wrestling not for entertainment, but to evaluate our next crop of presidential candidates.
A hacker has published Kim Kardashian's financial information online. Kim is asking people to stop looking online at her private financial information and go back to watching her sex tape.
A South Carolina man was arrested for sneaking a taser gun into the Cowboys-Jets game and using it on somebody. The man was arrested and immediately signed by the Oakland Raiders.
Former NFL player Titus Young was sentenced to four years in prison. Young said he’s sad to go to prison but happy to be reunited with his old teammates.
Taiwan is set to open a sex-themed amusement park. You can tell it was inspired by Disneyland, because one of the attractions is "Mr. Toad’s Unprotected Ride."
Bobby Jindal announced he’s running for president, and next week, Chris Christie will announce. That’s right - one guy who’s been to New Delhi, and one guy who’s been to every deli.
TLC announced that ratings for “Sarah Palin’s Alaska” are much bigger than the show it replaced, “Joe Lieberman’s Connecticut.”
Just spent 72 hours sitting motionless in a darkened room. Perhaps it was a mistake to binge-watch "Black Mirror."
Jay-Z and Beyoncé created a controversy by traveling to Cuba. The Treasury Department is now saying that when they okayed the request, "We thought it was a different Jay-Z and Beyoncé." 
Today is Ash Wednesday, that’s the first day of Lent when most Catholics give something up. It seems like Catholics in the U.S. decided to give up Marco Rubio.
Donald Trump is now saying that his proposed ban on Muslims was "just a suggestion." Then he admitted his presidential campaign is "just a bar bet."
On last night’s "Dancing With the Stars," Snooki advanced, while Bill Nye the Science Guy was sent home.  The episode was called “highly entertaining” and “a perfect metaphor for the state of our country.” 
Ryan Seacrest is launching his own clothing line. It’s called, “There’s No Escaping Me.”
Today, a woman came forward to say that she and Herman Cain had a 13 year long, sexual relationship. Cain denied the allegations, saying, "Anyone who knows me knows I would never have sex with a woman who wanted it."
Residents of Los Angeles have been unprepared for the bitter cold.  Apparently, Kim Kardashian wore so many layers today that people thought she was Khloe.
Kanye West is in Sweden visiting the headquarters of IKEA. Kanye wanted to get advice from IKEA because, after a few years, he too is starting to fall apart.
A new report says that Ikea may have used political prisoners to make some of their furniture. Which explains why the instructions for the new Ikea futon say, "Sure, I'm being tortured, but at least I don't have to put together this futon."
Donald Trump has dropped hints that he may name a Democrat as his running mate. In fact, today he chose Donald Trump from 2008.
Today the new Republican-controlled House voted on whether to repeal the health care bill. And if that goes well, they're going to see what they can do about this whole "women voting" business.
During a private reception with wealthy donors, Mitt Romney said nearly half of Americans "pay no income tax." Then he said, "But enough about me…"
Today in a suburb of Detroit, Mitt Romney asked supporters to donate money to his campaign.  Of course, then the people pointed out that they live in Detroit and he's Mitt Romney. 
Just blew my chance to be on the cover of “Cigar Aficionado” with an uncontrollable coughing fit.
At Sunday’s Oscars, female nominees will receive a gift bag that includes a voucher for vaginal rejuvenation. It’s being called "the closest Hollywood gets to caring about who you are on the inside."
On the set of her new movie, Lindsay Lohan has been treated for exhaustion.  Also being treated for exhaustion, the guy who does the body work on Lohan's car.
A new study reveals 1 out of 8 Americans is an alcoholic. However, after Trump’s comments on North Korea yesterday, it’s now 7 out of 8 Americans.
President Obama endorsed Hillary Clinton for president today, and said "I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office."  Hillary said, "Hey pal, I tried to tell you that eight years ago."
The presidential debate on Monday is expected to pull in huge ratings. In fact, the whole country has "Lester Holt Fever."
At a Florida Wal-Mart, one woman accused another of sleeping with her husband, and then bit her finger off.  It's being called "the healthiest thing anyone's ever eaten at a Wal-Mart."
After winning Russia's presidential election, Vladimir Putin began to cry during his victory speech.  In other words, Putin is now the president of both Russia and Wussystan.
The World Health Organization has told men who are recovering from Ebola to avoid sex for three months. This is bad news for the popular pickup line, "I just got over Ebola - let’s go back to my place."
A Manhattan soccer mom has pled guilty to running a prostitution ring. Clients of the prostitution ring said they're going to miss the post sex juice box.
The first line of Brad Paisley’s “Accidental Racist” is “To the man that waited on me at the Starbucks down on Main”. That old country cliché?
Fox Studios said the Internet rumor is false and in his new film, Leonardo DiCaprio is not, I repeat, not raped by a bear. The rumor got started because the title of the film is "Leonardo DiCaprio Gets Raped by a Bear."
At a campaign rally this weekend, Donald Trump said he felt like a supermodel. Then, out of habit, Trump tried to marry himself.
Saw "Mad Max: Fury Road." Not a lot of Priuses in that movie.
In an interview, Newt Gingrich accused Megyn Kelly of being more interested in sex than public policy. Then Kelly explained that everyone is more interested in sex than public policy.
Last night at the Grammys, audience members reported smelling a lot of marijuana in the audience. Which may explain why the Grammy for Best Song went to the jingle for Hot Pockets.
In a new interview, Joe Biden says he spends four or five hours every day with President Obama. In response, Obama said, "hiring that Obama impersonator was the best decision I've ever made."
Christopher Plummer, who replaced Kevin Spacey in a film, received an Oscar nomination. Afterwards, Plummer called Spacey to thank him for being a creep.
A bishop has come under scrutiny for accepting a $100,000 Toyota Land Cruiser as a gift. The bishop said, "I'd get rid of it, but it’s a chick magnet."
California officials are claiming that the Census failed to count over a million residents of the state.  My question is, how did Schwarzenegger manage to cover up that many children?
Johnny Depp is reportedly single after his girlfriend left him for another woman.  Depp said he's both deeply hurt and aroused. 
The city of Los Angeles voted to allow residents to house up to five cats at a time. Now I have to figure out which seven to get rid of.
California Governor Jerry Brown has declared California to be in an official drought emergency. So ladies, when I ask you to take a shower with me, I’m just trying to conserve water.
Some NFL players criticized drafting Michael Sam, saying it would change the NFL. It makes sense because men who play for teams with names like the Packers, the Rams and the Bears don’t want to be associated with anything that seems gay.
Egypt is now in its second day of angry street protests, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is calling for calm. Because nothing calms an enraged Arab country like a powerful woman ordering it around.
Yesterday, shortly after the Super Bowl, a brand new dad named his baby after Tom Brady. The baby’s name is "Lucky Bastard Jones."
The Colorado Symphony Orchestra announced it will play a series of  "cannabis friendly" concerts. The first one is Sunday and they’ll be playing Beethoven’s 420 Symphony.
Analysts say that on Thanksgiving, Americans throw away at least $282 million worth of leftovers. And when you look at most Americans, that’s clearly not enough.
A new study in animal behavior shows that dogs excel at figuring out what their human owners want and then giving it to them. So, if your dog keeps trying to hump your leg… that’s on you.
DC Comics has unveiled its first Arab-American superhero. He'll be the first superhero who has the power to fly, but keeps getting pulled aside for questioning by the TSA.
US officials have been wondering why, according to photos, ISIS seems to have so many Toyotas. One clue seems to be ISIS’s credo: "Fanatical about Islam, sensible about gas mileage."
In Paraguay, a 99-year-old woman and 103-year-old man got married after being together for 80 years. When asked the secret to keeping their passion alive, they said having no recollection of who the other person is.
Our government may be shutting down in a few hours. So, folks, get ready for absolutely no noticeable difference.
The New York Times reports that Beatlemania has finally come to Cuba. In fact, the Cubans' favorite Beatles song is, "I Want to Leave in a Yellow Submarine."
The Republican tax plan came out today and President Trump announced that it will bring trillions of dollars to the US. He then said, "Specifically, to three members of my Cabinet."
7-Eleven is going to start delivering a "Date Night Package" that includes ice cream, Red Bull and condoms. 7-Eleven says it’s the perfect way to tell that special lady in your life, "You could do a lot better."
Today Anthony Weiner held a press conference where he admitted he sent the lewd photo himself and a reporter asked him, "What were you thinking?"  Things got awkward when the Congressman looked at his crotch and said, "Well, answer the man."
According to a new poll, most Americans think that Santa Claus is a Democrat. Which is odd, because when you think "fat old white man who hires unskilled labor," you think "Republican."
In New York, Donald Trump’s childhood home has been sold for over $2 million. The buyer was told, "Imagine owning the very room where Trump’s daddy never hugged him."
One of the hottest toys this Christmas is "Let's Rock Elmo," an Elmo doll that, when you turn it on, acts like a rock star.  You can tell when the Elmo doll is wearing down because he suddenly takes a job as a judge on "American Idol."
Top fashion designer Michael Kors has launched a campaign to stop world hunger. His first step — stop hiring supermodels.
On Chinese New Year’s Day, I watch Chinese College Football.
During last night's 12/12/12 concert for victims of Hurricane Sandy, Kanye West performed while wearing a leather skirt. So now they're having a benefit concert for people who had to see that.
The National Institutes of Health announced today that it plans to retire over 300 chimps from medical research. This is great news for anyone out there who’s in the market for a really pissed off chimp.
A recent study claims that 1/3 of all men suffer from premature ejaculation. But they don’t suffer as much as 1/3 of all women.
Apple is paying a settlement of $32 million for iPhone games that tricked children into charging their parents’ accounts. Among the worst offenders: the games "Tiny Zoo Friends," "Dragon Story," and "Daddy’s AmEx Number Puzzler."
Target is reporting that one of the hottest toys for Christmas is the "Elmo Big Hugs" doll. Not selling as well: "Elmo-End–Of–A-Blind-Date-Awkward-Half-Hug" doll.
A Vatican Cardinal is claiming Jesus was the first Tweeter. Also, the Shroud of Turin was the first "selfie."
It's official, as of today, "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is no longer in effect.  For our military personnel, just a reminder, "Glee" comes on at 2100 hours.
The country of New Zealand is voting on whether to change their flag. Apparently New Zealand’s current flag is just a sign that says, "No, No— you’re thinking of Australia."
There’s a new reality show on A&E and here’s the idea - it drops couples close to divorce on a deserted island to work things out. The show’s called "Double Homicide Island."
Mitt Romney says “Corporations are People.” So that’s why IBM keeps calling asking me to “hang out.”
Today President Trump tweeted that his son Donald Jr. is "open, transparent, and innocent." Which is why President Trump is now demanding a paternity test.
Pope Francis’ plane touched down in Washington today at 4pm. Of course, as a Catholic I knew the moment he was here because I felt a "Disturbance in the Guilt."
After receiving death threats, the head of the EPA Scott Pruitt requested a fleet of round-the-clock bodyguards. Pruitt said, "If I'm going to die, I want it to be from good old-fashioned unregulated coal emissions."
According to a new poll, almost 90% of women claim they wouldn't want to be Kate Middleton. Because if there are 3 things women hate it's weddings, being the center of attention, and financial security.
Dunkin' Donuts is opening locations throughout the Middle East.  This is good news because it means that one day Israelis and Palestinians will be too fat to fight with each other. Death FROM America
Earthquakes seem to know when my dog is about to freak out.
This morning, John McCain was asked who Mitt Romney should consider for Vice President and McCain laughed and said "Sarah Palin." When no one else laughed, McCain sighed, stared into the distance, and said, "I guess you had to be there."
Tourists visiting New York City are being warned about "fake monks" on the street who wear orange robes and demand money. Quick tip - if they stab you… fake monk.
One economist is proposing the way to save Greece is to take Greece’s $56 billion in assets and move them to an offshore bank account. His second proposal is to bring the Parthenon to the next "Antiques Roadshow."
In Malaysia police arrested three men for stealing over 700,000 condoms. Police describe the thieves as "overly optimistic."
Amazon has announced that its chief financial officer will retire after 12 years on the job. However, the moment he retires, he’ll recommend another CFO that Amazon might also like.
In North Carolina, a mother is suing a daycare center because one of the workers there breastfed her son without permission. Authorities say she doesn’t really have a case because her son is 32.
A village in Alaska has been without mail for days because its only postal worker quit. So if you want to reach anyone in that village, you’ll have no choice but to email, call, text, Facebook message, Tweet, Snapchat, Skype, or Instagram DM them.
Analysts say China is gearing up for a trade war with the United States. Here’s how it’s gonna go: China will say, "We have all your iPhones," and we'll say, "We surrender."
This week, a giant tortoise was on the loose here in Southern California. Drivers on the freeway were shocked to see something moving so quickly.
Jeb Bush has defended the right of business owners to refuse services for same-sex weddings, he says it’s okay. This has put millions of lesbians in the rare position of being "Anti-Bush."
With the release of its new high-end iPhone Ten, Apple may soon become the first US company to be worth $1 trillion. And that’s just from selling five new iPhone X's.
Illinois State Rep. Derrick Smith has been accused of accepting a $7,000 bribe. If he's found guilty, he could serve up to 4 years as the state's governor.
According to a new survey, 70% of dog owners will give their dog a Christmas present.  The most popular dog gift is a plastic bone, the least popular…a Michael Vick jersey.
Amazon drone, wow. Just when I was getting used to the Barnes & Noble surface-to-air book launcher.
Last year, complaints about airlines increased 22%. There were probably more complaints, but the airlines lost them.
One of the newest trends is a "sushi vending machine." Another hot new trend: "diarrhea within five feet of the sushi vending machine."
A new study finds that every hour of TV-watching cuts 22 minutes off your life. However, I promise that when you're lying on your death bed, your last words will be, "Conan was worth it."
Over the weekend Hugh Hefner celebrated his 85th birthday. He can finally legitimately say that he doesn't date women his own age because there are no women his own age.
NBC has decided not to air an episode of "Fear Factor" in which contestants drank donkey semen.  So this story doesn't have a happy ending, unless you're the donkey.
Yesterday, Donald Trump spent the afternoon at the White House watching "Finding Dory" with his family. Apparently, in this version, Dory couldn’t be found because she was being detained at the airport.
A penthouse in New York City has gone on sale for $90 million. It comes with four bedrooms, three bathrooms and 80 million dollars.
By 2020, the minimum wage in Los Angeles is gonna be raised to $15 dollars an hour. Which, by the way, is great news for the members of my band.
A South Carolina elementary school’s lunch program has added a food truck that serves the kids buffalo wings, tacos, and mac-and-cheese. It’s all in keeping with the school’s motto: "It’s Never Too Early To Give Up."
Experts say that if President Trump were to fire Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller, all hell would break loose. Or as Trump calls that, "Thursday."
Hurricane Joaquin is set to hit the east coast and could cause "historic rainfall." East coast residents are concerned and California residents are jealous.
One of the most popular costumes this Halloween is the "Snooki" costume.  It's easy to make: you just dress up as an orange pumpkin and pass out in a men's room.
Before the World Series game last night, Aaron Lewis from the band Staind botched the national anthem. And to make things worse, he started the song with "Are you ready for some football?"
The upcoming TV Season will have fewer gay characters. Well – Not if Andy and I can help it…
Nearly 70% of Americans said a Trump presidency would make them "anxious." And 30% said a Trump presidency would make them "Canadian."
The inventor of the world’s first artificial test tube hamburger said that it “looks, feels and hopefully tastes like meat.” He was immediately sued by Arby’s for stealing their slogan.
Russia is making plans to send four monkeys to Mars. Not as preparation for a human mission - but because the monkeys criticized Vladimir Putin.
At Ohio State University it was just announced, a tiny human brain has been grown in a lab. And guess what - It’s already announced its support for Trump for President.
While chasing the burglar, Alex Trebek injured his Achilles' tendon.  Or as Trebek calls it, "The tendon named for this hero of Greek Mythology."
Breast augmentation surgery is now the most common plastic surgery procedure in the US. However, guys, it's still not a great last-minute Valentine's Day gift.
Yahoo put out a list of 5 dying careers which includes reporters and insurance underwriters.  The only one they forgot is Yahoo employee.
Kim Jong Un & Nicolas Cage have birthdays this week. So happy birthday to a madman unleashing terrible things on the world, and Kim Jong Un.
Yesterday was the beginning of the Chinese New Year.  Of course if we don't fix the deficit, Americans will soon refer to the Chinese New Year as the New Year.
Is it possible for a grown man to be body shamed by his own mirror?
The smiling woman who was featured on the homepage of Healthcare.gov asked that her picture be removed after she was cyberbullied. She is now hiding where nobody can see her: Healthcare.gov.
Pac-Man’s 30th birthday was marred by the sudden deportation of the Super Mario Bros. What were those fools doing in Arizona?
Last night, Mahershala Ali became the first Muslim actor to win an Oscar. Or as the Trump White House reported it, "Muslim Wields Heavy Blunt Object."
The CEO of the company that makes the Blackberry has apologized for yesterday's outages.  He apologized in an email that ended with, "Sent from my iPhone." 
The anti-gay law in Indiana is so bad it could affect the tournament. At the games, the vendors are going to make you explain exactly what you plan to do with that foam finger.
As of today, the federal government will start putting stricter regulations on e-cigarettes. To buy an e-cigarette you’re going to have to provide proof of douchebaggery.
Melania Trump is planning to sue a British newspaper for defamation. Apparently, the paper called her "happily married."
In New Hampshire, somebody broke into Rand Paul’s campaign headquarters. Police became suspicious when they noticed someone in Rand Paul’s campaign headquarters.
I'm tired of waking up to find paparazzi going through my garbage cans, dressed as garbage men, with a big loud garbage truck.
After being asked to leave a store for breastfeeding, a woman in Illinois staged a "nurse in" of breastfeeding mothers outside the store.  Afterwards, the store manager said, "My plan worked perfectly."
A new study claims that 88% of people's homemade pornography ends up on porn sites without the owners' knowledge. Which may explain why some of you look familiar.
I just did 200 crunches. Nestle's Crunches.
At drive-thrus, I order in a British accent but pay in a French accent. Someday they’ll ask "Where's the British guy?" but so far not yet.
Last week, the Department of Justice said it will stop enforcing some federal marijuana laws. The Department of Justice made this decision after someone brought in a batch of brownies. 
A new lawsuit claims that Uber employees use passenger data to stalk celebrities. When I called to complain, Uber said, "Don’t worry, Conan, we didn’t mean you."
Jennifer Lopez' ex-husband is trying to release a sex tape he made of the two of them.  Jennifer Lopez says she plans to keep people from seeing the movie by promoting it heavily.
Over the weekend in Gettysburg, Donald Trump told a crowd that as soon as the election ends he will sue the women accusing him of sexual misconduct. It’s being called "the second greatest Gettysburg Address in history."
I still remember summer as a child, when my parents shipped me off to camp for 12 years.
The Senate has sent President Obama a spending bill that gives the government just enough of a budget to keep going for two more weeks.  In other words, our government has the financial planning skills of a college sophomore.
For Valentine's Day, Time Warner Cable is offering a special channel called "Ryan Gosling on Demand."  I'm sorry, Time Warner, I'm a guy—so call me when you have "Robert Pattinson on Demand."
Wrangler is coming out with a pair of jeans that claims to fight cellulite as you wear them. So finally, a pair of jeans your boyfriend can say you look fat in, but not for long.
The former governor of Virginia has to report to prison next month to serve time on corruption charges. And his cellmate can’t wait to remind him that "Virginia is for lovers."
South Africa has decided not to buy 11 million Chinese condoms because they are too small. Which explains why China is now marketing the tiny condoms as "Smurf ponchos."
The movie "Gravity" received 10 nominations. It’s the film where Sandra Bullock achieves what every Hollywood actress dreams of...true weightlessness.
A bank robber in Brooklyn was arrested after he updated his Facebook status to "Crime pays my bills!"  Now that he's in prison, the man's Facebook page says, "Can't stop getting poked."
The Disney animated movie "Wreck-it-Ralph" was tops at the box office.  A lot of kids were disappointed, because "Wreck it Ralph" is about Ralph Nader and the 2000 election.
Today the Queen said that she would like the royal baby to be born before she goes on vacation.  Then someone reminded her she’s, more or less, been on vacation since 1952.
Yesterday Justin Bieber paid a visit to the Consumer Electronics Show.  Just what the Consumer Electronics Show needed – another virgin.
Today, Big Bird appeared on Capitol Hill to ask for more funding for PBS.  Apparently times are so tough for Big Bird he had to rent his egg to Lady Gaga.
Michael Phelps's girlfriend is a 25-year-old model from Los Angeles.  In other words, like every other model in LA she's dating an older, retired guy. 
The U.S. Immigration Service is cracking down on the Mexican fast food chain Chipotle in an effort to find illegal immigrants.  The government is not investigating Taco Bell because no one from Mexico has ever set foot in that place.
The Dalai Lama says that when he retires he expects to be replaced by someone from India.  So it's official, people in India are now taking everyone's jobs.
11 Secret Service agents are in trouble for reportedly having sex with prostitutes while on a trip to Colombia.  In their defense, the Secret Service agents are saying it's part of their oath to put themselves "in ho's way." 
A member of Best Buy's Geek Squad is in trouble for copying racy photos off a customer's iPhone & inviting her to his home to retrieve them. Best Buy has fired him from the Geek Squad & hired him for the Perv Patrol.
Donald Trump’s charity, the Trump Foundation is no longer allowed to accept donations in New York. This is really bad news for anyone thought, "I’d like to make sure my money gets to the people who really need it, I know, I’ll funnel it through Donald Trump."
According to Bing, the most popular search term in 2010 has been "Kim Kardashian." The second most popular search term was, "What is Bing?"
Today, Rush Limbaugh said losing his sponsors is like "losing a couple of french fries."  In other words, Rush Limbaugh is devastated.
Donald Trump says that if he is president, he will punish women who have abortions, although he doesn’t yet know what that punishment would be. You know, aside from Donald Trump being the president.
Fourth of July of course is when we celebrate our breaking away from England. And after this week, it’s starting to seem like England can’t keep a relationship going.
Over the weekend, President Obama visited Stonehenge. The cold, rigid entity no one can quite figure out said he enjoyed Stonehenge.
A new report predicts that in California, Hispanics will become the majority by next year. In fact, just yesterday I saw ten white guys hanging out in front of a Home Depot.
Today, President Obama said that his very first job was scooping ice cream. After hearing this, Chris Christie said, "I thought he looked familiar."
This weekend was the first YouTube Music Awards show and Eminem won Artist of the Year. Second runner up was a cat walking across a piano.
The TSA is considering allowing people they call ‘trusted travellers' to avoid patdowns. When asked how a traveller can become ‘trusted,' the head of the TSA smiled and said, "Meet me behind the food court in five minutes and find out."
Kim Jong Nam, the brother of new North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, says that as a leader, his younger brother will fail.  When he heard this, Kim Jong-un was so upset at his older brother, he yelled, "I'm telling Kim Jong Mom!"
Yesterday, the kid from the show "Two and a Half Men," actor Angus T. Jones said he wants to leave the show because it goes against his Christian values. Which by the way is the same reason Charlie Sheen left.
In a new interview, Snooki said she lost her virginity when she was 14. Snooki said that looking back she’s glad that she waited.
Today is the Iowa Caucus and tomorrow is Groundhog Day. That’s the day the groundhog peeks out of the hole, sees Trump has won Iowa, and burrows to Canada.
"Today Show" host Savannah Guthrie’s skipping the Olympics in Rio because she’s pregnant and worried about the Zika virus. In a related story, Bob Costas just announced he is pregnant.
A woman who looks exactly like a female Ted Cruz has been asked to star in a porn movie. So finally, a cure for your porn addiction.
In a new interview, Kim Cattrall said there could be another "Sex and the City" movie. An hour later, ISIS surrendered.
Just found out my audition tape for "Magic Mike" was immediately sent over to "Tragic Mike."
On its one year anniversary of landing on Mars, the Mars rover Curiosity sang Happy Birthday to me.  It then got really depressed and shot itself. 
A new study says that police DUI tests for marijuana are completely inaccurate. Instead, it recommends that police just ask the driver, "Do you know how fast you were going - and WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN, MAN?"
Televangelist Pat Robertson shocked Republicans by telling them to accept defeat. Robertson said, "It’s time to get back to reality—blaming hurricanes on gay people."
A panel of medical experts has recommended that health insurance companies provide free birth control to all their clients. The recommendation has been hailed as "historic" by women's groups and "ten years too late" by Maria Shriver.
The NFL announced that possible sites for next year’s draft has been narrowed to two locations. It’s down to either Rikers Island or San Quentin.  
Joe Biden is now saying he regrets not running for president. And after last week, Donald Trump said he also regrets that Joe Biden didn’t run for president.
In his inaugural address, President Obama said, "America's possibilities are limitless." Unfortunately, at that moment Lance Armstrong shouted out, "That's what I used to think."
Khloe Kardashian has released a new video detailing her complete butt workout. The video can be seen in any theater that has IMAX.
On Saturday in Cleveland, a baby was born at 10:11 on 12/13/14. The child has already been diagnosed with severe OCD.
Yesterday, an Apple computer built by Steve Jobs in his garage in 1976 sold for nearly one million dollars. Which makes it the most affordable Apple product currently on the market.
Tomorrow is 11/11/11.  Or as Rick Perry calls it, "11/11…wait, don't tell me, I can get this, I know there's a third one… 
There’s a restaurant in Moscow that uses shirtless bodybuilders as waiters. The restaurant is called, "Not Gay At All."
Bruce Jenner is on the new cover of "Vanity Fair" as her new identity Caitlyn Jenner. This is historic, because Caitlyn’s the first woman from that family to appear on a magazine cover fully clothed.
A company is currently working with scientists to develop a marijuana breathalyzer. The way it works is it measures the level of Funyons on your breath.
Ben from "The Bachelor" has called off his wedding. Apparently, Donald Trump wants to interview him for Secretary of Defense.
In a recent study, 10% of women say they frequently feel sad after sex. I hate to brag, but it takes a real man to make a woman sad during sex.
The National Enquirer is now reporting that the father of Khloe Kardashian is O.J. Simpson. When reached for comment, O.J. said, "Man, I just cannot catch a break."
Over Twitter, Lady Gaga thanked her fans for loving her despite her recent weight gain. Lady Gaga tweeted, "It's hard not eat pop tarts all the time when your hat is a toaster."
My wife won’t see the new Three Stooges movie with me. She’s still mad they didn’t go with Shemp.
Southwest Airlines has widened its seats by almost one inch. I don’t think it’s gonna help, because during the announcement, Americans widened their asses by over ten inches.
Last night, Hillary Clinton became the first woman to be the presidential nominee of a major party. Donald Trump said "Even I’ll admit it, it’s a historic night for broads."
A study found that moderate consumption of red wine leads to higher test scores. So apparently, I spent New Year’s Eve "cramming for a final."
Disney has announced they'll be opening a theme park in Israel.  Officials predict the most popular attraction will be the famous boat ride "It's a Small Yet Occupied Territory."
This weekend, there was a "supermoon."  This happens only once every 18 years or whenever Kim Kardashian makes a sex tape.
Today, Newt Gingrich said that we should use covert operations to assassinate Iran's nuclear scientists.  Gingrich also said the key to covert operations is announcing them on the campaign trail. 
You know who’s behind this big push for gay marriage? The immensely powerful tuxedo industry.
The only thing we have to fear is Gerald Fear, of Sheboygan, Wisconsin. He is a serial killer.
A former Target employee is accusing the store of hiring only attractive people as managers. Apparently, he is talking about a Target I have never been to.
A Colorado company has introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machine. As a result, the vending machines around it are doing much better.
Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has been named the #1 most visionary person on the Internet. Coming in at #2, the guy who first said, "I'm going to post a picture of my junk."
Hillary Clinton is releasing a new campaign ad with a voiceover by Morgan Freeman. When Donald Trump heard the ad, he was furious and said "how could Denzel Washington do this to me?"
Google says two of its top most-searched terms in 2016 were "Hillary Clinton" and "Pokémon Go." Both searches led to the website "Things That Looked Unstoppable Back in September."
Yesterday, an Irish author was awarded the 18th annual "Bad Sex in Fiction Prize."  Her prize-winning novel begins, "Conan O'Brien removed his robe…"
Iran may have launched airstrikes against ISIS. Do you know how long it’s been since I’ve been able to wear my "Go Iran" t-shirt?
Marvel has a new special edition comic book of "The Avengers" written entirely in Spanish. Although some are complaining that it’s not quite the same when the Spanish Hulk roars, "HULK NO ME GUSTA!"
Mitt Romney essentially called Hillary Clinton an elitist who doesn't believe what she's saying. In other words, Mitt endorsed Hillary Clinton.
Yesterday, the Dalai Lama appeared on Fox News. There was an awkward moment when the Dalai Lama said, "You know, I used to BE a fox."
Some people are disturbed by three new FDA labels on cigarette packages that show rotting teeth, a sewn-up corpse, and smoke coming out of a man's neck hole. They're also disturbed that the FDA is encouraging people to "Collect all three!"
A judge has forbidden a lesbian couple from living together. The judge said, "You two are living with with me!"
In Canada, a college basketball player’s last name is the f-word. It’s really fun hearing the announcer describe him taking it to the hole.
Justin Bieber was caught spray-painting graffiti on buildings in Brazil. They could tell it was Bieber because the graffiti was only three feet high.
According to new rankings, America’s teenagers are #30 in the world in math. But don’t worry, we’re still #1 in meth.
I chopped some garlic when I was 28 and my hands still smell.
Today is National Coming Out Day. So I'd like to take this opportunity to finally stop hiding the truth and say, "Mom and Dad—my brother Patrick is gay."
The Library of Congress has added the Gloria Gaynor hit "I Will Survive" to its archived recordings. No - not the Library of Congress in Washington, the gay bar in West Hollywood named "Library of Congress."
The "Wall Street" sequel made 19 million this past weekend. Of course, some of that is federal bail-out money.
A new study finds that homophobia may be linked to a subconscious attraction to your own gender.  Rick Santorum has called the study, "As hard to believe as Ryan Gosling's perfect ass."
In her new memoir, Hillary Clinton said the Obama campaign wanted her to attack Sarah Palin. And so did her husband Bill, but only because he loves a good catfight.
The FBI has said that it is fully addressing the celebrity photo hacking scandal. The head of the FBI said he is personally addressing it five, sometimes six times an hour.
In a new interview, Larry King said he's not good with "gadgets."  Then he said, "This interview is over" and hung up his shoe.
Today, Mexico and Brazil ended in a zero zero tie – fun fact, both teams were ordered by their coaches to abstain from sex. In other words, these guys can’t score on or off the field.
According to reports Chase Bank is shutting down hundreds of bank accounts belonging to porn stars. The CEO of Chase Bank said, "We’d rather not handle their deposits." 
It's been reported that presidential campaigns are now trying to reach voters based on their Web history. So, this January get ready for the inauguration of "President Porn."
A woman who recently turned 100 gave a TV interview and would not stop talking about penises. The woman is known only by her first name, “Madonna.’”
Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning said yesterday he’s going to need to get his hip replaced. Man, that is going to be some super halftime show.
The top movie at the box office this weekend was "Taken 3." In "Taken 3," movie audiences are held hostage by a plot that was hijacked from "Taken 2."
Some people paid as much as $6,000 to watch the Supreme Court's deliberations on gay marriage. Which is why today the Supreme Court launched its 41-city "Monsters of Gay Marriage Deliberation Tour."
Tonight's GOP debate will be the first to feature Mitt Romney. Experts are predicting a tough fight between Romney and his biggest ideological opponent: Mitt Romney from four years ago.
Yesterday, Tim Tebow, the Denver Broncos quarterback who thanks Jesus after all his wins, finally lost.  After the game, Tebow dropped to one knee and converted to Judaism.
According to a new study, talking after having sex is just as important as sex. I’m just glad listening isn’t important.
Overheard Tom Brady brag that he just had a Brazilian who'd just had a Brazilian.
Yesterday in Los Angeles, President Obama was heckled by someone who shouted "Don't forget medical marijuana!"  So far, the Secret Service has narrowed its list of suspects to "everyone in Los Angeles."
Both Democrats and Republicans are calling for Congressman Weiner to resign.  Meanwhile, late night comedians are calling for him to hang in there.
Mercedes is developing technology to let you look at Facebook on your car windshield. It's perfect for everyone who wants to get "poked" by an oncoming 18-wheeler.
Conservative commentator Glenn Beck is suffering from paralyzed vocal cords that have made him unable to speak. But not to worry – doctors are working round the clock to make sure this condition continues.
Experts say the success or failure of Obamacare will depend on whether young people sign up. Which is why, as of today, Obamacare covers medical marijuana.
Iran’s President was greeted by topless protesters in Paris. Sadly, the leader of the protest was Gerard Depardieu.
Warren Buffett is reportedly trying to buy the Heinz Ketchup company. His plan is turn the company upside down, and then just wait…
"Meredith Vieira covered in garlic aioli" is my most vowel-heavy sexual fantasy.
Chris Rock did a fantastic job hosting the Oscars last night. In fact, his jokes about the all-white Oscars were so good, the Academy has already decided they won’t nominate any black people again next year.
President Trump says his new tax plan would greatly simplify the US tax code. It would divide everyone into two brackets: "taxpayers" and "President Trump."
State Department officials are calling Moammar Gaddafi "disconnected from reality." In fact, according to the State Department, Gaddafi thought this year's Oscars were fantastic.
Producers of "Jersey Shore" are figuring out what to do about the show, now that Snooki is pregnant and "The Situation" is in rehab.  Their first step is changing the title of the show to "What the Hell Did You Think Was Going to Happen?"
Over the weekend, a 102-year-old woman got herself arrested so she could check that off of her bucket list. Now it all seems like a cute story, until you learn that the arrest was for triple homicide.
Hillary Clinton released an ad that emphasizes her humble economic background. In the ad she says, "Just 15 years ago, my family and I were evicted from our house."
Today it was announced that Israel and Hamas have begun "indirect negotiations" to reduce hostilities. Or as we used to call that at the O’Brien home, "Thanksgiving."
A company has come out with a wedding ring guaranteed to keep the man from cheating. Mostly because the ring doesn't go on the man's finger.
In Florida, a naked man was arrested for driving 110 MPH while drunk. He was charged with Florida’s most serious crime, "not being on meth."
A company has developed urinal cakes that will tell you if you're drunk.  Basically, if you can hit the urinal cake, you're not drunk.
According to a new report, Facebook is not popular in Japan because Japanese people are traditionally introverted and private. The report was written by someone who has never set foot in a karaoke bar.
Next week, Hillary Clinton will travel to her 100th country.  And in each country, upon landing, her first question is, "Have you seen my husband?"
Donald Trump said he has a personal fortune of nearly nine billion dollars. After hearing this, Hillary Clinton said, "Wow, he must give two speeches a day."
Instead of flowers, I sent my Mom an assortment of unsecured Greek Treasury bonds.
During a Q&A with Michelle Obama, a young girl told the First Lady her dad was looking for a job and handed her a copy of her father’s resume. The young girl was Sasha Obama.  
Over the weekend in Georgia, two female police officers got into a brawl in the parking lot of a Waffle House.  Or was that just a dream I had?
Starbucks is partnering with Amazon to make it possible for Alexa to place your coffee order for you. All you have to do is use the simple voice command: "Alexa, I’m pathetic."
The nominations were announced at 5:30 a.m. and Meryl Streep was nominated for her 17th Oscar.  When reached for comment, Streep said, "You woke me up for that?!"
In England, farmers have begun feeding their cattle healthier food – because they need to reduce the amount of gas the cows are producing.  Farmers also say they're going to stop falling for the old "pull my hoof" trick.
At one point during the debate, Mitt Romney said, "If you're over 60, you can stop listening now." To which moderator Jim Lehrer said, "Then I should have stopped listening 40 years ago."
The singer The Weeknd is reportedly considering changing his name. This is on the advice of his son, "Staycation."
In New Jersey, a woman found her lost dog by luring the dog back with bacon.  She also found the Governor of New Jersey. 
Two of Herman Cain's accusers may now hold a joint press conference.  After hearing about it, Herman Cain said, "Alright, Threesome!"
The new iPhone will have two different sized models; the iPhone 6 and the much larger iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 has a better camera, a barometer, and a shatter-proof screen - and the larger iPhone 6 Plus has a nice personality.
A man is suing Grindr because over 1,000 men showed up at his place of business demanding sex. Though in fairness, the man does work at "Al’s House of Crullers and Anonymous Gay Sex."
Dunkin' Donuts is planning to expand into Southern California. If that happens, people in Southern California will expand into Arizona.
NJ gov. Chris Christie has rejected an increase to the minimum wage.  As result, Christie got a lot of dirty looks today when he went to McDonald's, Arbys, Wendys, Burger King and Long John Silvers.
With a major heat wave gripping much of the country health officials are urging Americans to stay home.  To which most Americans said, "We are home—we don't have jobs."
More problems for the Secret Service - now it’s come out that the Secret Service let an armed ex-convict ride on the same elevator as President Obama. No word yet on which NFL player it was.
In her testimony, Sally Yates said she warned White House officials about Mike Flynn being compromised by the Russians. Yates also tried to warn Mike Pence, but every time she entered the room he yelled, "OUT, TEMPTRESS!"
Matthew McConaughey is being paid $135,000 to make a commencement speech. That works out to $4,000 per "alright."
I can’t believe I didn’t win the Super Bowl office pool with the numbers I drew, ½ and Pi.
A California woman has turned her home into a sanctuary for 1,000 cats. She’s applied for both tax and man exempt status.
A group of prominent Republicans is trying to recruit 300-pound Governor Chris Christie for the presidential race. Meanwhile, a group of TV producers is trying to recruit him for TLC's "I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant."
Researchers have found a way to let smartphones test for STDs. Here’s how it works, if you’ve downloaded the Tinder app, you probably have an STD.
A new report says higher testosterone levels may increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes in men. The report was entitled, "You’re In The Clear, Conan O’Brien."
"12 Years a Slave" won the Golden Globe for Best Drama. It’s gotten so much buzz, today the studio announced a sequel, "13 Years a Slave."
At an airport in Connecticut, a man was arrested after saying he had a bomb. He was released as soon as he showed police his DVD of The Lone Ranger.
The Supreme Court ruled that the police can take your DNA when they take you into custody. So suddenly, police women everywhere are trying to arrest Ryan Gosling.
Last night was the season finale of ABC’s "The Bachelor." And tonight is the season premiere of "The Bachelor" spinoff, "Herpes In Paradise."
The FBI has arrested the criminal who was the inspiration for the movie "The Departed."  The FBI is now looking for whoever's responsible for the last five Katherine Heigl movies.   
Burger King wants to team up with McDonald’s to create a "McWhopper." Analysts say this could be the biggest thing in fast food since Arby’s teamed up with White Castle to create diarrhea.
Pope Francis is reportedly selling his Harley Davidson motorcycle. When asked why he was selling it, the Pope said, "Whenever I get it over 30 mph, it’s hard to keep the hat on." 
Tomorrow is the start of the NFL Draft. This year, it will be simulcast on ESPN and Court TV.
Just benched 300 (sat on a bench, watched "300").
There’s a new nightclubbing trend in Sweden - partying sober. There’s an even newer trend, people leaving Sweden.
The Federal Deficit Commission is proposing raising the retirement age to 69.  In other words, they want Brett Favre to play 2 more years. 
People talking about their standing desks are the new people talking about their rescue pets.
Now that business is down, the CEO of Olive Garden says he's going to now "elevate the guest experience."   So, from now on, Olive Garden's going to allow customers to bring food in from other restaurants. 
A new survey shows two-thirds of American adults pee in the ocean. So good news — maybe it’s not global warming that’s making the sea levels rise.
You all see the Oscars last night?  Did you see Angelina Jolie stick her leg out?  I haven't seen a skinny white leg like that since I looked down in the shower.
Scientists say the probe that landed on the comet has discovered substances that are indispensable to life. So apparently, the comet is made of whiskey and Nutella.
In a new interview in the New York Times, Hugh Hefner reveals the age when he lost his virginity. It was the Bronze Age.
Over the weekend, a convenience store in Illinois was robbed at gunpoint for 99 cents.  Police are now looking for a man with "an extremely reasonable crack habit."
It's being reported that several fire trucks from the Los Angeles Fire Department were used in porn shoots. Authorities say they know they were used in porn shoots, because now their hoses burn when they spray.
Tiffany Jewelers just released an ad that features a gay couple for the very first time.  A spokesman for Tiffany’s said that everyone, whether they are gay or straight, should have the right to grossly overpay for jewelry.
Over the weekend, the current pope and the former pope had lunch together.  The waiter who served them said they spent the whole time bitching about their boss.
Donald Trump is floating another conspiracy theory which suggests that Hillary Clinton is a murderer. Today Bill Clinton said, "Trust me, if that lady could kill, I would not be alive."
Here in Los Angeles, a Catholic bishop has resigned after it was discovered that he has two children.  The bishop's secret was revealed during last year's "Bring Your Daughter to Work Day."
Later in the video where Justin Bieber urinates into a bucket, Justin Bieber says “F Bill Clinton.”  After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, “That’s what I’ve been telling ladies for years.”
Both presidential candidates taking measures to prepare for Hurricane Sandy.  President Obama is staying in Washington to coordinate relief efforts, and Mitt Romney is moving his smaller homes into his larger homes.
According to a new report, the oldest registered user of Facebook is 101 year old woman named Florence. You can friend her, but – trust me –  you don't want to see her spring break pictures.
In Memphis, a Domino's Pizza delivery driver saved the life of a woman, who normally ordered pizza every night, after she failed to call for three days.  The woman is now fine and back to slowly killing herself with Domino's Pizza.
A new scientific report suggests that if only one man and woman were left on Earth, they could repopulate the world. The report concludes with the creepy line "so what do you say, Janice?"
Even though this woman claims she won Mega Millions, surveillance footage shows the ticket was purchased by a man.  So, either she's lying or we're all trapped inside the new Tyler Perry movie.
People are criticizing the new high-tech airport security scanners. They're afraid that pictures of their genitals could end up on the Internet.  Apparently, no one's told them that without pictures of genitals — there would be no Internet.
According to a poll that just came out, Donald Trump is getting zero percent of the black vote in some states. Trump said, "Don’t worry, by the time the election comes around I will double that."
According to a new report that just came out, the average Canadian is now richer than the average American.  This is bad news for Americans & worse news for those Mexicans who now have to tunnel all the way to Canada.
A new study just came out that suggests giving toddlers under the age of two a smartphone to play with may stunt their development. In response, tired parents everywhere said, "Shut the f*** up."
A&E suspended the star of "Duck Dynasty" Phil Robertson after he made anti-gay comments. The head of A&E said, "I am shocked that an old bearded duck hunter who lives with his kinfolk in the Louisiana bayou did not have progressive views on gay people."
The CEO of Disney is now getting involved in bringing an NFL team to Los Angeles. So football fans, get ready for the crushing defense of "The Los Angeles Little Mermaids."
A popular Star Wars video game has been accused of having a homosexual agenda. This is due to the part where Darth Vader tells Luke, "I am your father – and this is your other father, Brad."
Due to a crackdown on Craigslist, prostitutes are now advertising on Facebook. You can tell if it's a prostitute's Facebook profile if she offers to "Friend you for 20 minutes."
Donald Trump criticized Hillary Clinton today for making a remark he says is offensive to Native Americans. Trump’s exact words were "you stole my speech."
This Valentine's Day, White Castle restaurants will offer a discount to couples who dine there. Because there's no better way to tell a woman you love her than to pay even less at a White Castle.
Google is denying that it supplied unlimited information to the NSA. Google’s exact words were: “Don’t worry America. Your obsession with Asian MILFS is safe with us.”
One of the leaders of the Tea Party has resigned after a major split in the movement. The Tea Party is now divided between "Angry Whites" and "Even Angrier Whites."
President Obama is in Los Angeles today. So quick everyone, act busy!
A top Green Beret was forced to resign after he admitted to having an affair with a reporter while serving in Afghanistan. In happier news, the Green Beret and Wolf Blitzer will marry in the fall. 
Reebok has agreed to pay customers $25 million over false claims that its "EasyTone" shoes would strengthen your buttocks. Reebok is also facing similar charges over its "HugePenis" shoelaces.
Today during the televised hearings, Senator Dianne Feinstein told Comey, "You’re big, you’re strong." Then she said, "I’ll continue the rest of my statement in the closed session."
A man has been sentenced to five years in jail for trying to smuggle 51 turtles in his pants. The man has already told his cellmate, "There’s nothing you can do to me that 51 turtles haven’t."
Today was the primary election for New York City mayor, and the new and improved iPhones were announced. So, kind of a bad news, good news day for Anthony Weiner.
In Japan, an artist is facing controversy for building a kayak to look just like her vagina. It seats two comfortably, still no word on the kayak though.
Domino's customers can now order a pizza and watch it being made on line.  A spokesperson for Domino's said, "This way, our customers can see exactly what went wrong."
North Korean dictator, Kim Jong-un has not appeared in public for weeks, and there are rumors that he’s sick due to too much cheese, fried chicken, and beer. Sounds like someone’s applying for American citizenship.
Former President George W. Bush will give his first interview about the killing of Osama Bin Laden next month on cable TV.  It's expected to be the highest rated episode of Cake Boss ever.
It’s been reported that New York Jets tight end Kellen Winslow was caught masturbating in his car in a Target parking lot. To be fair though, when you finally do find a parking spot at Target, it’s pretty exciting.
Chase bank ATMs are getting a new feature that will allow customers to withdraw cash without using a card. The feature is called "a crowbar."
The NFL wants to test NFL players for human growth hormone but players are opposed.  Players are saying, “There’s a time and place for blood tests, and that’s at our murder trials.”
I can't tell you how much I miss New York City—I live in LA now and it's not the same.  I actually had to hire someone to tell me to "go F- myself." Thank you, Andy.
Let's settle this the old-fashioned way: Kim Jong Un and Donald Trump at dawn in New Jersey.
The Utah State Senate has voted to eliminate the death penalty. So from now on, people in Utah can die the old fashioned way, of boredom.
DC Comics is reporting that one of their prominent characters will soon come out as gay. And if that goes well, they're going to change the characters The Watchmen to "The Guys who Really Love to Watch Men."  
Today President Obama answered young peoples' questions on YouTube. As a result, Obama's latest poll numbers are 55% "LOL" and 45% "Totally Gay."
A man has started a college dedicated to teaching students how to grow pot. It's called "UC Santa Cruz."
President Trump is going to Japan to meet with the Prime Minister and may play a round of golf. Or as Trump put it, he’s going to Japan to play a round of golf and he may meet with the Prime Minister.
A Tennessee woman came home to find two burglars having sex on her couch. They were charged with "breaking and entering and entering and entering."
Cyber Monday is the day when millions of Americans go online to shop, give up after 20 minutes, and look at porn.
This is the Winter Solstice—this means today was the shortest day of the year.  Unless your kid dragged you to the new Yogi Bear movie.
'Tis the season for weird guys to go into Brookstone, use all the massagers, then leave without buying anything.
Reportedly, there are many trucking jobs that no one wants. Trucking Industry: make trucking more like the battle at the end of "Mad Max II."
Katy Perry showed up at the Grammys last night with blue hair. The hair was so striking, Katy had to keep yelling at everyone, "Hey—my breasts are down here!"
This morning, President Obama attended a parent-teacher conference for his daughter Sasha.  The teacher said there's room for improvement, she'd like to see a little more cooperation and then they talked about Sasha.
In the past week, several prominent men have been fired for sexual harassment and it’s being called "The Harvey Effect." Of course, none of them will see any jail time and that’s being called "The Cosby Effect."
Hillary Clinton is campaigning with Bernie Sanders for the millennial vote. They’re trying to get millennials with the opening line, "Hey, our combined age is approximately one millennium."
Last night, Donald Trump and Mitt Romney had dinner together at an expensive restaurant in New York City called Jean George. The two billionaires dined on fancy French cuisine and then talked about how out of touch Washington is.
Twitter is testing a feature that will allow you to write a post that contains up to 10,000 characters. They’re calling this exciting new feature "Facebook."
In Beaumont, California, two people have lined up over two weeks early at Best Buy for Black Friday. The two people said they are hoping to get a great deal on a life. 
President Obama appeared on the Discovery Channel show, "Mythbusters" to test the feasibility of Archimedes's legendary solar ray.  If that doesn't boost his approval rating nothing will.
At the United Nations General Assembly, people are wondering if President Obama will shake hands with the President of Iran. Some experts say Obama should politely decline, while others think he should do the old "smoothing out the hair" fake out. 
It’s been reported that there are now more subscribers to Netflix than HBO. Which is why today HBO changed its slogan to, "Okay Fine—We’ll Show More Boobs."
In Hawaii, a woman got away from a 12 foot tiger shark by punching it in the mouth. She was immediately escorted from the aquarium.
Tonight, President Obama and Mitt Romney will hold their final debate in Boca Raton, Florida. The topic of the debate is "What's More Shocking to see in Boca Raton  – a Mormon or a black guy?"
A New York bill to legalize gay marriage needs only one more vote to pass. Unfortunately, that vote belongs to State Senator Tracy Morgan.
I hope "The Equalizer" is about Denzel being a badass by adding artificial sweetener to people’s coffee without asking.
Last night the Ringling Bros. Circus gave its final performance. Children everywhere were stunned and said, "What’s a circus?"
Dave Grohl has done more with a broken leg than most Americans do in their lifetime.
The Slovenian woman who won the gold medal in alpine skiing is also a pop star in her country.  So Justin Bieber’s not the only pop star going downhill fast. 
I think Master Chef Jr. might be fixed. They just showed a close-up of a kid's hand, and it had liver spots and a wedding band.
Herman Cain said that America should build its own Great Wall of China. Cain says, "It's a great idea ‘cause if there's one thing you don't see in China, it's Mexicans!"
President Trump has begun hiring more people from President George W. Bush’s administration. In fact, Trump specifically asked for "the Iraq guy and the Katrina guy."
The Mayor of Toronto has admitted he smoked crack while in a drunken stupor. The mayor was charged with "Being way too exciting for Canada."
“Rolling Stone” may have brought down the US military commander in Afghanistan. Worse, they only gave Miley’s new album 3 out of 5 stars.
It's come out that Beyonce changes her email address on a weekly basis. And get this, it’s because of me!
The Navy Seal responsible for killing Osama Bin Laden said he's having trouble finding work. My advice – charge $10 per high five, you'll be a billionaire by the weekend.
Over the weekend, a 3-D hologram of the late Tupac Shakur performed at Coachella with Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg praised the advanced technology that made Tupac appear by saying, "This is some crazy weed."
A Bruce Springsteen cover band is the latest musical act to drop out of performing at Donald Trump’s inauguration. You know, it’s not a good sign when a cover band thinks you’re not a legitimate president.
In Texas, officials want to take away a beauty queen's crown because she has put on too much weight.  They should have seen this coming because her talent in the pageant was "eating ham."
A Southwest pilot who famously landed at the wrong airport has retired. He tried to retire to Florida but ended up in Alabama.
Senator Ted Cruz said, if elected President, he would host a Cuban pig roast on the White House lawn. Of course that would be impossible, because if Cruz were elected President, all the pigs would be flying.
After a bunch of security breaches, President Obama has appointed a new head of the Secret Service. The Secret Service director was so excited, he jumped over the White House fence for joy.
Olympic Champion Ryan Lochte says the best way to pick-up a woman is to wink at her.  This was in an article was entitled, "Things That Only Work For Ryan Lochte."
"Sports Illustrated" is turning its famous swimsuit issue into a TV special. So guys, good luck bringing your TV into the bathroom.
The new Twinkies are said to be smaller, but to last longer in the wrapper. In a related story, I’m suing the Hostess Company for stealing my pickup line.
Yesterday, at an Obama rally, Jay-Z altered some lyrics and sang, "I Got 99 Problems But a Mitt Ain't One." Well- that settles it—  Mitt Romney is never going to listen to Jay-Z again.
President Obama says his dream is to take a stroll by himself away from the White House.  After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "I should have told him about my secret tunnel."
People are saying Texas Governor Rick Perry is really tough because he's executed over 200 people.  And that was just while he was on vacation in Florida.
An 18-year-old field goal kicker could be the first woman to play in the NFL. Scouts say she has the talent and desire, all she needs now is the criminal record.
Donald Trump is now making fun of what he calls John Kasich's "disgusting" table manners. As an example, Trump named Kasich's gross habit of having dinner with a wife who’s about his own age.
Scientists have recently created a robot that can bake cookies. And by scientists I mean two stoned kids that work at a Radio Shack.
Got my oil changed downtown just so I could tweet something that sounded dirty.
It was announced that President Obama will visit Pope Francis. Obama said he wants to tell the Pope, "You know, they liked me a lot too that first year." 
A frozen berry mix has been recalled after giving 34 people in different states Hepatitis A.  Also not helping is that the berries used to go out with Michael Douglas.
Apple has fired the manager who was responsible for the faulty mapping app on the iPhone. Apparently, after he was fired, he asked for a letter of recommendation and directions home.    
Hi, I'm Conan O'Brien and I'm the new queen of daytime television.
Wikipedia has shut down for a full 24 hours today. So if anyone was trying to look up my bio on Wikipedia I'm 31, an Olympic medalist, and married to Scarlett Johansson. And, by the way, Andy Richter played Rudy on "The Cosby Show."
So much pornography was found at Osama bin Laden's compound, they're investigating whether it was used to send coded messages.  So from now on guys, when your lady catches you, you're not looking at porn, you're analyzing CODED MESSAGES.
Prince Harry has announced his engagement to an actress from Los Angeles. So congratulations to Prince Harry and his fiancé Betty White.
Longevity scientists claim that compared to last century, 72 is the new 30. However, they said that Larry King is still very very old.
Last week, a New Jersey state senator said he will introduce a bill to legalize marijuana in New Jersey.  Of course, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie promised to veto it, saying, "You do NOT want me to get the munchies."
Scientists in Antarctica have discovered a 50-million-year-old sperm cell. It was found inside a 50-millon-year-old gym sock.
Back in 1993, my late night show was only one of four on the air. Now it’s one of four airing at 11:00 on TBS.
Developers are working on a new app that gives you a ten second warning before an earthquake. The app is called, "Too Late."
This week a Chicken McNugget that resembles President George Washington was auctioned on eBay for over $8,000. Meanwhile, a Chicken McNugget that looks like Mitt Romney was eaten by Newt Gingrich.
Last night Bristol Palin lost to Jennifer Grey on "Dancing with the Stars". The good news is, when a Palin loses, they tend to just sort of quietly disappear.
Mark Wahlberg has been named 2017’s highest-paid male actor. Today, Mark said, "I don’t know why either."
The KKK has gone to the Supreme Court to adopt a highway. Well, technically, just the white stripe in the middle.
Many people are criticizing the London Olympics mascot for being creepy, because it has just one huge eye that looks like a camera.  Also not helping is its catchphrase, "I can see you on the toilet."
In order to control prostitution, Switzerland has opened "sex drive-thrus." Officials say the most popular item ordered at sex drive-thrus is the "Briefly Happy Meal."
Disneyland just raised its ticket prices to $99 a day for kids over 10. However, kids with measles still get in free!
An Ikea in Brooklyn has become a favorite spot for teenagers to have sex. It's the first reported instance of someone at an Ikea managing to put two parts together.
When does the Red Sox’s season start?
This week, on a Jet Blue flight, a pilot had to be restrained after he ran down the aisles yelling "Say your prayers."  In the pilot's defense, "Say your prayers" is Jet Blue's slogan.
The fifth "Die Hard" movie was #1 at the Box office this weekend. This one features Bruce Willis trying to rescue people from a Carnival Cruise.
I can’t believe the Consumer Electronics Show rejected my idea of a walker made entirely of Slinkys.
Right before I die, if my life flashes before my eyes, I hope there aren't 30 second ads before each section.
Everyone’s OK, but this morning, a 6.5-magnitude earthquake hit California’s prime marijuana-growing county. Authorities swept the area, urging residents to remain even calmer.
It was recently revealed that “Posh Spice” once tried to get “Sporty Spice” kicked out of the Spice Girls. Luckily, things were calmed down by Reasonable Spice.
Michelle Obama said if she could give one piece of advice to her teenage self it would be "stop being so afraid." When asked the same question, President Obama said he would tell his teenage self, "Don’t run for a second term."
It’s been reported that NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has been living in the Moscow airport for two days. Not because he’s a fugitive, but because he’s flying United.
The Grammy nominations came out today and South Korean YouTube sensation Psy was not nominated.  So now we'll never know which of his songs he would've performed.  
Arnold Schwarzenegger has revealed that he’s beginning filming the new "Terminator" movie next month. In this one, the Terminator travels 10 years into the future and meets Matthew McConaughey’s hero.
I’m just like you. I get up and put on my pants two legs inside the same leg, collapse to the ground, and scream for my manservant Mr. Moto.
Once Regis retires, I’ll have no more competition for weirdest first name on the air.
In Orange County, a college student ate In-N-Out for thirty straight days and only gained two pounds. That’s right, he went from 398 to 400.
Victoria's Secret is under fire for targeting youth with its new slogan, "Bright Young Things." However, it's still better than its previous slogan, "The catalog for horny men with no Internet."
Facebook has been redesigned and it now contains a real-time news ticker.  Every update says, "Breaking News: You're screwing around at work."
Samsung has announced that the release of the new Galaxy 8 will be delayed. A spokesman at Samsung said they’re delaying the release to coincide with Burning Man.
This November, Californians get to vote on whether or not to legalize recreational marijuana. They can either forget to vote in person, or forget to vote by mail.
It’s been announced that, this fall, Chris Christie will guest-star as himself on an upcoming prime-time show.  It’s the premiere of the CBS spinoff, “How I Ate Your Mother.”
Today in Mexico, the Mayan people are celebrating what they say is the countdown to the end of the world. In other words, they think Michele Bachmann has a real shot.
It's being reported that, although Hurricane Sandy damaged thousands of homes in New Jersey , the house used on "Jersey Shore" was left completely undamaged.  In other words – There is no god. 
Texas is reportedly going to give college students the right to carry guns on campus.  So I guess next semester, every college student in Texas is getting straight A's.
This weekend, scientists said they found a chimp who is smarter than a US  high school student. The scientists made the discovery when they played a hit song by One Direction, and the chimp said, "What is this shit?"
Two things happened last night - Donald Trump got elected president, and my job just got easier for the next four years.
The other night, three women at a Georgia Waffle House were arrested for brawling over a cigarette. The three women were released on bail and immediately hired to work at the Georgia Waffle House.
The FBI claims that American universities are being infiltrated by foreign spies.  In other words, Iran may now have the technology to build their own beer bong.
It’s been a crazy ride, but I finally hold the record! No one has hosted “Conan” more times than I have.
Johnny Depp is getting married this weekend. It’ll be a small wedding, just the people who saw "Mordecai."
Yesterday, former Republican presidential candidate Tim Pawlenty said he regrets quitting the race as early as he did.  He said when he runs again in 2016, his campaign slogan will be, "Tim Pawlenty: This Time I'll Quit Later!"
Nicki Minaj says her high school will not let her come back and give a motivational speech to the students. However, the school has invited her ass back for Career Day.
The new Secretary of the Vatican said that celibacy for priests is open for discussion. In a related story, nuns are now allowed to twerk.
Many are protesting the fact that the majority of the Oscar nominees are white. The Academy responded, "Don’t worry - minorities will still tune in for host Neil Patrick Harris."
Yesterday, Reverend Pat Robertson said that the legalization of gay marriage means that God is going to destroy America. So you can imagine how awkward it was when God introduced Pat Robertson to his life-partner, "Brad."
Scientists are reportedly testing a new anti-aging drug that could lengthen the lives of dogs. And even better — shorten the lives of cats.
There are reports that Bill Clinton encouraged Donald Trump to run for president. When asked about it, Bill Clinton said, "It hasn’t been this tense around my house since… well, you know…"
According to a recent report, Borders Books may buy out Barnes and Noble. But only so it can use their bathroom.
They've begun casting a Broadway musical about Tupac Shakur. No surprises so far: Matthew Broderick is Tupac and Nathan Lane is Biggie Smalls.
A man freed after being wrongfully imprisoned for twenty years said, "I'm, personally, not angry."  Then he went on to say, "However, my ass is furious."
A ten-second kiss can transfer 80 million bacteria, my wife told me as we shook hands.
Today another Trump adviser, George Papadopolous, pled guilty to lying to the FBI about meeting with Russians in 2016. The FBI would have issued an arrest warrant sooner, but they had a hard time spelling "Papadopolous."
A newly-released email reveals that Hillary Clinton asked a co-worker, "I heard on the radio there’s a cabinet meeting, can I go?" In another email, Hillary said she found out about the debt ceiling from Smooth Jazz 94.7.
In Utah, for the first time ever, a black female Mormon Republican is running for Congress.  According to recent polls, she has a slight lead over her opponent, a gay Muslim unicorn. Name's Rainbow Sprinkle.
Despite cutting half of the city's police force, the mayor of Camden, New Jersey says that the city's crime statistics will not be affected.  When asked how that's possible, he cited the new law which makes stabbing a misdemeanor. 
It’s rumored that the iPhone 8 will have a curved screen made by Samsung. The screen wasn’t meant to be curved, that’s just the shape it melted into when it caught fire.
A Florida man was recently arrested for taking upskirt shots at Wal-Mart.  It will come to trial as soon as they can find 12 jurors willing to look at upskirt shots of Wal-Mart shoppers.
In his new book, Arnold Schwarzenegger says his first clue that the housekeeper's son was his was when the boy started looking like him.  His second clue was when he was the only Mexican kid with an Austrian accent.
After her fall on "Dancing with the Stars," Kirstie Alley reportedly got a tattoo that says "Unbroken." Kirstie's partner also got a tattoo – but his says "Compound Fracture."
Ron Paul's campaign is upset because during last week's Republican presidential debate, he only got to speak for 89 seconds. Meanwhile, Rick Perry's campaign is upset because during last week's debate, he got to speak.
A new report says that someone close to the President knew about the IRS scandal and kept his mouth shut. In other words – we can rule out Joe Biden.
Trump Adviser Steve Bannon told reporters yesterday that the White House has been doing fewer press briefings because "Sean Spicer got fatter." Bannon then went home to his mirrorless house.
Yesterday, 300-pound New Jersey Governor Chris Christie stated he is not running for President. Christie said he likes the president part, but not the running part.
A zoo in Japan made repeated attempts to breed two spotted hyenas before they realized that both animals were male. The two male hyenas are no longer being forced to mate, but they are allowed to go antiquing together.
A new report says obesity rates are climbing among the young people of China. Ok, Chinese students – beating the United States in math and science is one thing, but NOW it's personal.
In a new interview, Justin Bieber said he wants to "live like Jesus." In response, Jesus said, "Dude, you’re the reason I’m not coming back."
A group that worships Satan wants to give out "educational activity books" to Florida children. However, officials say it violates two of Florida’s strongest taboos: Satan, and education.
Just saw a Jeremy Lin jersey on sale for $300. These prices are Jeremy insane! Wait… Did I do that wrong?
President Obama is planning to visit a U.S. mosque for his first time as president. When asked why, Obama said, "I wanted to go to the one place in America where I won’t see Donald Trump."
There’s a growing trend among veterinarians of prescribing medical marijuana for dogs. Doritos is cashing in on this with their new flavor just for dogs – “Cool Ranch Your Own Balls.”
President Obama is travelling through Europe, and today he was in Ireland. While he's there, Obama's Secret Service code name is "the Black Guy who's in Ireland."
It's the 20th anniversary of the sending of the first text message, which was "Merry Christmas." It's also the 20th anniversary of the first reply, which was, "r u horny?"
"The Walking Dead" is reportedly going to be edited into a family-friendly version for younger audiences. It will be retitled, "Dad’s Home For Dinner!"
Ivanka Trump abruptly ended an interview with Cosmopolitan magazine because she felt the questions were "unfair." Of course it’s understandable, most of us wither under the intense political grilling of Cosmopolitan magazine.
Al-Qaeda announced they will try to free the inmates at Guantanamo Bay. Because nothing helps you pull off a prison break on a faraway island like announcing it ahead of time.
The "Spider-Man" musical is ineligible for next year’s Tonys, which is a shame – it was a shoo-in for “Best Shrieking Plummet From A Ceiling.”
Due to a slowing of the Earth’s rotation, scientists are adding an extra second to the year 2015. Here's the bad news - you just wasted it listening to this joke.
Two Americans who were reported missing were discovered in perfect health, living in the Peruvian jungle. Well, personally, I'm just glad that Heidi and Spencer are ok.
As part of a limited campaign, McDonald’s is offering forks made from french fries. Not to be outdone, Long John Silvers began offering seafood made from fish.
Mitt and Ann have been married for 43 years.  When asked what keeps their marriage fresh, Ann said, "Lucky for me, Mitt's always changing positions."
The cast of "Modern Family" have delayed production for the new season due to a contract dispute.  Meanwhile, Andy and I are still asking TBS for a urinal cake in the men's room.
Scientists say they've found the oldest known engraving in human history, from half a million years ago. It was a Tic-Tac-Toe game, and Larry King won.
Hillary Clinton bought a Powerball ticket and she said if she wins, she’ll use the money to fund her campaign. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton said if he wins, Hillary will never see him again.
Yesterday, one of the prostitutes involved in the Secret Service scandal said an agent offered her only $30 for an $800 sex act. Apparently, the Secret Service's "secret" is that they are cheap bastards.
The company that makes Botox was recently purchased for $66 billion. Botox users were very surprised, they just couldn’t show it.  
Some historians now believe President Obama is directly descended from a slave. When he heard this, Donald Trump immediately demanded to see the receipt.
Rick Perry is running for president. He’s hoping with so many candidates people will forget that he’s THAT Rick Perry.
Remember when the President of the United States was smarter and more even-tempered than you?
A study shows that 16% of Olympic gold medalists cry on the podium.  Meanwhile, 1% of bronze medalists get an erection.
I know exactly how Tom Cruise feels in "Mission: Impossible" whenever I’m searching for my ringing phone in a pair of cargo pants.
A lot of people are mad about a Ram truck ad that used the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The people were particularly suspicious of the part where Dr. King says, "Civil rights are RAM-tastic!"
According to a new report, Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore is the best hospital in the country.  The worst hospital?  Big Al’s Appendectomy Hut.
A company has issued a credit card that is made of pure gold and embedded with 26 diamonds. Even stranger, it's a Chevron gas card.
In a recent survey, 84% of Americans were unable to locate Ukraine on a map. When he heard this, Vladimir Putin said, "That’s easy — it’s in Russia now." 
A new study found that red meat can help reduce the symptoms of PMS. But, whatever you do, never tell a woman with PMS, "Sounds like someone needs a hamburger."
Starbucks is being criticized for asking its employees to discuss race issues with customers. Just this morning, a barista asked me if I wanted my coffee, "African American, or with a splash of Caucasian."
Jeb Bush’s campaign has a contest now where someone will be flown to Houston to meet him, his dad, and his brother. No word on what the winner gets.
When is International Men-Frequently-Mistaken-For-Women Day?
The Vatican has chosen the first-ever Argentinean Pope. So once again, a bunch of old white guys got a Hispanic to do a job they didn't want to do.
It would not surprise me at all if someone had footage of Devin Nunes with his head stuck inside a beehive.
On Twitter yesterday, Grammy winner Chris Brown told his critics to "eff off." In other words, I think he's ready to be in a relationship again!
If anyone wins the lottery Friday with 4, 11, 19, 24, 36 and 48, you owe me big time.
Today, a historian told me the real Sam Adams never actually brewed a Blueberry Oatmeal Summer Stout.
In China, an annual St. Patrick's Day parade has been canceled.  Now the only question is: who's going to break the news to Ming O'Sullivan.
During last night's 11-inning World Series game, a Dodgers fan got arrested after he jumped into one of the bullpens. Afterwards, the Dodgers admitted if the game had gone one more inning they would have needed him to pitch.
A new study says surgeons who play video games are better at their jobs. Then again, do you really want to go to a surgeon who believes everyone gets three lives?
The Supreme Court in India has ruled that gay sex is illegal. Which explains the new gay pickup line in India, "Let’s leave India."
At a church in Easthampton, Massachusetts, baby Jesus has been stolen from the Nativity Scene 3 times in the last 12 years.  Which explains Easthampton's newest Christmas tradition: "The Bike Locking of the Baby Jesus."
Now that marijuana is legal in Washington State, a new service is offering to deliver it to your home. Their motto is, "If it’s not there in 30 minutes… I mean, like, what is time anyway, dude?"
During Supreme Court arguments on same-sex marriage today, one of the conservative justices opposed it, on the grounds that they didn’t have gay marriage in ancient Greece. As a result, the Supreme Court has now banned electricity, sushi, and pants for men.
A new survey found that there are three kinds of people who watch porn. The three types are "frequent porn users," "infrequent porn users," and "liars."
Bristol Palin has written a memoir and in it, she says she lost her virginity on a night that she drank too many wine coolers. The details are in the chapter called, "Things I Have Common with Conan O'Brien."
It’s come out that President Trump asked two intelligence chiefs to push back against the Russia probe. Trump also asked them to make Melania hold his freakin' hand.
A Spanish tennis player has been suspended after testing positive for meth. Tennis officials grew suspicious when he started returning his own serves.
The World Series starts tonight between the Royals and the Giants. San Francisco radio stations have banned the song "Royals," by Lorde, for the duration of the World Series. The ban does not bode well for Lorde’s new single, "The Giants Suck."
This Halloween, some parents will be able to use apps to keep track of where their children are.  Experts are calling it a huge breakthrough for crappy parents.
Scientists are now claiming that every hour spent running increases your lifespan by seven hours. In other words, a majority of Americans died three years ago.
Clash of the Titans on DVD features an alternate ending never seen in theaters. Also included is the original ending never seen in theaters.
Nigeria just held their election and incumbent President, whose actual name is Goodluck Jonathan, lost the race. He was beaten by his rival, Better Luck Jonathan.
Writing a cookbook for sharks was a waste of my time.
Michele Bachmann said she wants her three daughters to learn to shoot a gun. Mostly so they can put her campaign out of its misery.
During the debt-ceiling debate, Nancy Pelosi said John Boehner has gone over "to the dark side."  Which for Boehner means he fell asleep in the tanning booth.
In some states, the joke presidential candidate Deez Nuts is polling at 9%. Meanwhile, the joke presidential candidate Donald Trump is polling at 25%.
If you’re a classic rock fan, and an insufferable snob, your favorite band is The Whom.
At the press conference today, Anthony Weiner’s wife said she will stand by her husband. Especially when he goes on the computer.
The woman who claims Justin Bieber fathered her lovechild says they had sex on a "shelf" in a bathroom at the Staples Center.  After hearing this, every one of the Lakers said, "Oh, I know that shelf."
Wikileaks editor Julian Assange was granted bail by a London court today.  At a press conference, Assange said he will not be silenced and then told everyone who their Secret Santa is.
A new report calls Venezuela the most miserable country on Earth. After hearing this, Kim Jong Un said, "What do I have to do?"
Analysts say that the liberal Democrats are launching their own version of the Tea Party. It’s called the "Organic Chai Tea Party."
This month's College Magazine ranked the top ten colleges for the Harry Potter sport, Quidditch. Actually, you can find the Top 10 Quidditch Schools by taking the Top 10 Party Schools' issue and turning it upside down.
An ex-Olive Garden employee has come forward to expose the truth behind the restaurant chain's Tuscany Italy Cooking School. For starters: it's in Omaha.
There’s a new luxury Middle Eastern airline that’s going to start offering first class passengers a suite with bedrooms, a kitchen, and a shower. Meanwhile, United Airlines says you can enjoy the same amenities if you cancel your flight and stay home.
Pope Francis is calling for an audit of all the Catholic Church’s wealth. In a related story, Pope Francis is missing.
Of all the candidates jumping into the Republican primary, my money’s on Stannis Baratheon.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden says that the military often shared nude photos that Americans had sexted to one another. So if your girlfriend won’t send you naked pictures, just tell her, "Do it for the troops."
The producers of the injury plagued Spiderman musical now say they have put in a new safety precaution. Now during the part where Spiderman is supposed to fly over the audience, he will instead act out a scene from the Vagina Monologues.
Colorado's Obamacare website is trying to sell Obamacare to college kids by calling it "brosurance." Unfortunately, the website wasn't working today because it's "bro-broken."
In South America, a tribe of Amazonian Indians have made contact with the outside world for the first time.  Their first words were, "What the hell happened to Bruce Jenner’s face?"
This year's Olympics will be replacing the women's Beach Volleyball bikinis with uniforms that are less revealing.  The stricter dress code was made to appease the conservative nation of Buzzkill-astan.
Winners at the Oscars drew attention to racial injustice, equal pay for women, and immigration reform. Unfortunately, they were each played off with the song, "Everything Is Awesome."
In Missouri, a man named Bud Weisser was arrested for trespassing at the Budweiser plant. In his defense, the man said he was just looking for his mail.
Tonight is the debate between vice-presidential candidates Tim Kaine and Mike Pence. They’re going to debate the economy, foreign policy, and which one of them is Tim Kaine and which one is Mike Pence.
New research claims 12% of websites are porn. And the other 88% of sites help direct you to porn.
Saturday was St. Patrick's Day and Sunday was the LA marathon. In other words, no Irish people ran the LA marathon.
In Saudi Arabia, a 14-year-old boy was detained for dancing to the Macarena. You know, I don’t say this often but I’m going to side with the Saudi government on this one.
It’s January 9th. Only two more weeks until the Christmas presents I bought on Etsy arrive!
In a new interview, Hillary Clinton said that she and her husband were dead broke when they left the White House. Hillary said things were so bad the two of them had to share a bedroom.
Scott Baio said he is furious with Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka Trump’s clothing line. But mostly, Baio’s mad at Nordstrom for cutting his hours working in the stockroom.
Pope Benedict has revealed that after he steps down, he will destroy his papal ring. In keeping with Vatican law, he'll destroy the ring by casting it back into the fires of Mordor.
One of the President’s Secret Service agents was demoted for sending a sexually suggestive email to a female agent. Apparently he ended the email by saying, "I’d like to secretly serve in your oval office."
A wise man once told me, "I am not a wise man just because my name’s Glenn Wiseman."
This Super Bowl could end in sudden death; especially for that fat guy in the Packers hat eating bratwurst.
Everybody's talking about President Trump's physical exam yesterday. Medical experts are saying that considering his eating habits, President Trump is surprisingly healthy. When told this, Melania said, "OK, time for Plan B."
A lab technician in Germany has made a fully-working, laser-firing replica of the "Iron Man" glove. The story was reported in the "Journal of Great News If It Came From Anywhere But Germany."
New research reveals the closer you live to a bar, the more likely you are to become a heavy drinker. And the closer you live to a Dunkin' Donuts, the more likely you are to become the Governor of New Jersey.
Scientists have named a new species of fish after Bill Clinton.  Earlier today, Hilary Clinton caught the fish and had it de-boned.
In Los Angeles, a porn star was sent to jail for pretending to his co-stars that he didn’t have an STD. He’s also been banned from the porn industry for being a convincing actor.
A New Hampshire college student recently spent three months dancing across China. He was later congratulated by the Chinese ambassador, Hoo Cares.
Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino from "Jersey Shore" is facing up to 15 years in prison on tax evasion charges. So basically, if you’re a reality star in this country and you don’t pay your taxes, we either put you in prison or make you President of the United States.
A Japanese company unveiled a robot that can tell jokes and then detect if the joke was well received. In a related story, I start my shift at Quiznos tomorrow.
Mitt Romney's campaign is offering people a chance to win a day with Mitt Romney.  It's called "Vote For Mitt Romney or Else You'll Have to Spend a Day with Mitt Romney."
The Cardinals at the Vatican will release black smoke if they don't reach a decision and white smoke if they do. And blue smoke means they're working on the Vatican Oldsmobile.
It’s a small comfort, but with only eight justices on the Supreme Court, no one has to rotate out in beach volley ball.
Bill Clinton said in terms of Americans keeping their health policy, President Obama should "keep his vow." Then he laughed for nine hours.
In a new interview, Sting said he won’t be leaving his kids any money in his will. Sting’s kids said they’d like to sue their dad, but they don’t know his last name.
Disney theme parks have introduced a controversial new wristband that tracks your location and activities.  What they’ve learned is that most people in Disney parks are standing in really long lines.
Holiday season is upon us.  It's just two weeks until Thanksgiving, 7 weeks to Christmas and 14 weeks before they're done counting votes in Florida. 
Chaz Bono said he's trying to save up for a procedure that will turn his current genitals into something that resembles a penis. I just want to say: Chaz, get in line!
Hey Supreme Court, where were you 17 years ago, when I wanted to elope with Bill Pullman?
According to a report, there is a small town in Florida where half the population is made up of sex offenders.  Good schools, though.
Divers off the coast of Italy have discovered a 2,000-year-old shipwreck that is so well preserved, even the food is intact. The food was carefully extracted from the wreck and immediately served at the nearest Olive Garden.
This weekend at the Grammys, Dr. Dre will perform for the first time in 10 years. Dr. Dre says he'd like to perform more often – but his medical practice keeps him really busy.
President Obama has created a new series of ads aimed at Latinos. The first one boasts that "Just last week, my Secret Service created jobs for 11 Colombian women."
A California District Attorney has vowed to prosecute any TSA agent who touches a passenger inappropriately. The DA said, "There's a time and a place for inappropriately touching a Californian, and it's called ‘an audition.'"
One of the gadgets to come out of the Consumer Electronics Show was a drone that follows you around and lets you take selfies 24/7. The device was developed by a team of the world’s leading Kardashiologists.
I found a huge design flaw in my new iPhone. People get angry when I talk on it during a funeral.
I just completed 100 push-ups. (I started last November.)
Yesterday, Jersey Shore's Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino reportedly got kicked out of an Apple Store.  It's hard to believe he couldn't just blend in at the genius bar.
On Sunday, Kanye West was angry because fans at the Super Bowl tried to take selfies with him. He was also angry because people seemed to be watching some "non-Kanye-thing" down on the field.
Amherst College has decided to get rid of its mascot, Lord Jeff, because Jeffery Amherst famously gave smallpox-infected blankets to Native Americans. Amherst’s new mascot is Chipotle.
After being dumped by his fiancé, Hugh Hefner reportedly already has a new Playmate girlfriend. Apparently, Hef met his new girlfriend while he was having sex with her.
Rachel Maddow’s much-hyped release of Donald Trump’s 2005 tax returns last night was considered by many to be a letdown. No one’s been this disappointed by Rachel Maddow since the guy who took her to the prom.
There is a rise in STD rates among senior citizens.  This is because the only thing senior citizens will wrap in plastic is their furniture.
A federal court has upheld rules guaranteeing equal internet access for all. It’s in keeping with the longstanding American promise of "Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Porn."
While at the UN, President Trump also called the Iran nuclear deal an "embarrassment." Then Trump said, "Gotta go - I have to post a tweet of me hitting a woman with a golf ball."
I yelled out another woman's name during sex but cleverly covered by saying that's my safe word.
In a recent interview, Miley Cyrus said she wasn’t trying to be sexy at the VMAs.  On behalf of everyone, I’d like to say, "Mission accomplished."
Costco recently confirmed that it will no longer sell Apple products in their stores. Apparently, no one wants to buy a 124-pack of iPads.
In New York, a man spent $500,000 to turn his basement into a replica of the Enterprise Bridge from "Star Trek." After that, he’s going to build a replica of a woman.
Over the weekend, Kanye West and Kim Kardashian got married.  During the ceremony, Kim professed her undying love for Kanye – I’m sorry, that was Kanye who professed his undying love for Kanye.
Today, Pope Francis had a private meeting with an Italian soccer star.  The Pope told the soccer star, “Like you— I’m also not allowed to use my hands.”
Some experts say that hackers could soon be taking control of commercial airline flights. This raises the shocking prospect of one of them forcing a United Airlines flight to depart on time.
Time Magazine named Pope Francis the Person of the Year. And People Magazine named him Sexiest Pope Alive.
A 35-year-old man was sent to prison after he pretended to be Justin Bieber. Then today the man’s cellmate also started pretending that the man was Justin Bieber.
This weekend, New York hosted the 25th Annual Scrabble Championship. The Scrabble champion gets their choice of $100,000 – or the touch of another human being.
A flight attendant was fired from Virgin airlines for placing a baby in the plane's overhead compartment. In the flight attendant's defense, that baby did not fit under the seat.
Newt Gingrich called President Obama "the most dangerous president in U.S. history." Then he said, "On the dance floor."
Engineers have begun trying to find a way to brew beer on the moon. Which means we’ll soon have astronauts calling into Mission Control saying, "Houston, we have a drinking problem."
Today is 1-11-11.  Normally, if you want to see 5 "ones" at the same time you'd have to watch "The Real Housewives of New Jersey."
According to a new survey, women who have breast augmentation have better sex.  The study was conducted by men who answer their wives' surveys.
A new report shows that the typical tourist in Las Vegas is a 45-year-old married person from California. That explains the new motto, "What happens in Vegas probably also happens in Fresno."
Harvey Weinstein just finished a week-long stay at a rehab clinic for sex addiction. Apparently, he would’ve have stayed longer, but all the other sex addicts thought Weinstein was too creepy.
A 30-second ad for the final episode of Oprah Winfrey's talk show will cost 1 million dollars.  So the only person who can afford to take out an ad on Oprah Winfrey's last show is Oprah Winfrey.
Teenagers are in an uproar over rumors that The Teen Choice Awards are rigged. The rumors started after I won "Hottest Tween Heartthrob."   
There is a rumor that Hulk Hogan was the one who leaked his own sex tape.  Authorities believe it was either him or Al Qaeda.
Today, a federal court ruled that you cannot ban same sex marriage in California.  In other words, my weekend with Andy just got a lot more interesting.
According to a new report, Tulsa, Oklahoma has the lowest rent in the country. Nice try Tulsa— but we’re still not moving there.
The National Organization for Women is calling for NFL Commissioner, Roger Goodell, to resign. They made their demand in a video that Commissioner Goodell says he’ll watch in five months.
In Florida, the town of Hampton has been found to be so corrupt, the state may dissolve it, basically ending its existence. This begs the question: how bad a town do you have to be to be an embarrassment to Florida?
Snooki says she'd like to be Chris Christie's workout buddy.  Christie said, "Thanks but I already have a medicine ball."
The New York Mets are planning to move the walls of Citi Field in order to increase the number of home runs they hit.  I'm sorry, call me old fashioned but isn't that what steroids are for?
A car owned by Hillary Clinton is up for sale. Like Hillary, the car has been hit from all sides and lately has been starting to stall.
Despite his sexting scandal, Anthony Weiner is still trying to become mayor of  NYC.  Today, Anthony Weiner volunteered at a soup kitchen. And trust me— you don’t want to know how he stirred the soup.
A new study has found that leafy greens are the leading cause of food poisoning. So Americans have nothing to worry about.
This weekend, Cher tweeted that Michele Bachmann needs to go back to school and take a history class.  In response, Michele Bachmann said, "Just for that, I'm going to make my husband take down his Cher posters."
Scientists have identified a new sexual fetish of being attracted to middle-aged people. They’ve even come up with a name for it: "Settling."
Last night, my kids saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus. That’s the last time we go to that mall.
Today is Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Just to break it down for you young people, a long time ago there used to be something called "racism."
Taylor Swift turns 23 this week. Taylor said she's at that age where she wants to settle down, then break up and then write a hit song about it.
It's being reported that there's a new temporary leader of Al Qaeda.  Frankly, I was surprised they went with Ashton Kutcher.
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian have named their newborn girl North West. The baby is named after the direction in which it will to escape.
President Obama said he’s urging his daughters not to get caught up trying to act like celebrities. He’s particularly worried about Sa$ha.
In Colorado yesterday, voters approved a tax on marijuana to fund the building of schools. In other words — kids, don’t do drugs, but stay in the schools funded by them.
It’s come out that Hillary Clinton is having a hard time connecting with millennial voters. So now she’s saying that last week’s coughing spell was actually due to a massive bong hit.
This Sunday, everyone will be tuning in to the big Oscar telecast and "Lincoln" is a big favorite.  Of course, like Lincoln, most people won't stick around for the whole show.
Donald Trump said, "There’s nobody that’s done so much for equality as I have." That’s right, he said, "In some states, I’m hated equally by blacks and Hispanics."
Today, Newt Gingrich said that Mitt Romney has no principles. In other words, he's given Romney his official endorsement.
Burger King has just unveiled a burger it calls the "Angriest Whopper." The Whopper isn’t super spicy - it’s just really pissed off about Obamacare and immigrants.
Donald Trump’s press secretary claims that Trump’s cabinet will be one of the most diverse in history. Of course he didn’t mean American history, he meant Confederate history.
Charles Manson’s future mother-in-law says that she approves of her daughter marrying Charles Manson. She also said Manson has very nice personalities.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been awarded the highest rank in the country's military. The decision was praised by everyone from Parliamentary Speaker Kim Jong-un to Opposition Leader Kim Jong-un. Still no word from soccer star— Kim Jong-un.
Hanukkah is eight nights, and it lasts eight days. If it lasts longer than that consult your rabbi.
The Discovery Channel is coming out with a follow-up to its reality show "Naked and Afraid." This one’s called "Sunburned and STD’d."
According to a new study, it's possible for women to experience a second kind of orgasm.  Still no word on what the first kind is.
It’s come out that Donald Trump is the grandson of German immigrants. But don’t worry, the last time a German guy with crazy hair who didn’t like foreigners took over a country everything turned out fine. I wouldn’t worry about it.
Former President Bill Clinton is collaborating on a novel about a US president who goes missing. Clinton is describing the novel as "part fiction, part alibi."
It’s come out that Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who many think is unqualified, gave big contributions to half the Republican Senators who voted for her. Or as Betsy DeVos calls it, "75% of them."
Yesterday, a medical marijuana group officially endorsed Barack Obama for President. Doesn't really help Obama though, because it turns out that they were just getting around to endorsing him for 2008.
There’s a new device that allows airline passengers to completely isolate themselves from their rowmates. The device is called "a baby."
Researchers at Cornell have successfully bred the first puppies in a test tube. Which is great, because we all know how much dogs hate doin' it.
Pope Francis has been visiting South America - recently he stopped at a local Burger King. The Pope said, "It’s fun seeing their faces when the Popemobile pulls into the drive-thru."
Nicolas Cage recently has paid the IRS $6million dollars of his $14 million tax bill. In the memo line of the check, Cage wrote "Two Ghost Riders down, four more to go."
Kelsey Grammer said that he brought his 3-month-old daughter to a Playboy Party because he couldn't find a good babysitter. Then again, most of Kelsey Grammer's marriages ended because he did find a good babysitter.
Justin Bieber’s side kick, Lil Twist, was arrested for DUI while driving Bieber’s car. But don’t worry, if there’s anyone who can survive prison life, it’s probably Justin Bieber’s sidekick Lil Twist.
McDonald’s has announced plans to unveil even larger hamburgers. They’ve also announced plans to widen their doors and reinforce their floors.
A company in Japan has released a robot that’s able to simulate some emotion. Either that, or Hillary Clinton just made a surprise visit to Japan.
At a zoo in England, an elephant has taken the world’s first "elephant selfie." Either that, or someone just took the world’s biggest dick pic.
Yesterday, Michelle Obama says she wants Americans to elect a woman president "as soon as possible." Man, so even she’s had enough of President Obama. 
Atlanta is the place where they film "The Walking Dead." Producers got the idea to film the Walking Dead here when they saw some people coming out of a Waffle House at 2 AM.
Question: If I decide to switch from Team Edward to Team Jacob, how will that affect my rollover minutes?
There is talk of a "Mad Men" spin-off, I can’t wait for "Better Call Joan."
We need to deal with Putin once and for all... Send over our sharpest improv team.
Paula Deen’s book isn’t even out yet and it is already #1 on Amazon. At the bottom of the sales page, Amazon says, “Customers who liked this book may also like ALABAMA IN THE 1950s.”
During a recent press conference with President Obama, the president of Chile said, "I think the first lady of the U.S. is very good looking."  So now, we're also at war with Chile.
A man set a new Guinness World Record by solving five Rubik’s Cubes in one minute and 18 seconds underwater. The previous record was held by nobody. 
My family back east is dealing with the heat wave the old-fashioned way: resenting it until it goes away.
A major new video game coming out next month is going to let you choose to make your character gay.  So everyone get ready for "Call of Duty: Same Sex Booty."
Construction has just started on a two-mile underground "beer pipeline" in Europe. Which explains why today, Britain changed its mind on Brexit.
If Pizza Hut really served their pizza in a hut, you couldn’t get me out of there.
The oldest living American, a New Jersey woman, has just turned 114. At her birthday party she said, "Why are we celebrating? I just spent 114 years in New Jersey."
Tonight is the sixth night of the Jewish holiday "Hanukkah."  Hanukkah lasts for 8 straight nights or the length of a Kanye West press conference.
The Census Bureau reports that almost 10 million Americans have changed their designation for "race." However, they do say once you check black you never go back.
Donald Trump is the living embodiment of an erection that lasts more than four hours.
Earlier today an asteroid the size of a bus barely missed the Earth.  After hearing about it, people in Los Angeles asked, "What the hell is a bus?"
Still no interest in a reunion of my old Irish-American boy band, Pale By Comparison.
A new survey revealed that the average time a heterosexual couple has sex is 19 minutes. Now in my case, that’s two minutes for sex and 17 minutes for apologizing.
Yesterday, Anthony Weiner was temporarily denied access at the voting booth. Then he offered to show a photo ID, and they said, “That’s OK – we’re good.”
At this moment, a 7-Eleven cashier from Connecticut is trying to become the first woman to climb Mt. Everest seven times. She said, "If I can survive a 7-Eleven hot dog I can survive anything."
Due to the government shutdown, the beloved Panda Cam at the National Zoo has gone dark. Now, if you want to watch bears have sex, you’ll have to go to the Manhole Bar in West Hollywood.
Tonight, President Trump is giving a primetime speech before Congress. The speech will be on a 10-second delay so Trump can live-tweet about how great his speech is going.
Yesterday, during a speech in New Hampshire, Michele Bachmann was heckled with profanity. Some of the filthy words Bachmann had to endure included "homosexuality," "taxes," and "science."
The FBI is investigating three teenage girls from Denver who were trying to join ISIS. The teenage girls were apprehended after they announced a jihad against "that b**** Ashley."
The Rolling Stones are preparing to release their first studio album in over a decade. The album will be available to stream on demand, something the Rolling Stones haven’t been able to do since 1995.
UFC champ Ronda Rousey beat her opponent in 14 seconds. A former NFL player said that if he had eight weeks to train, he could beat Ronda Rousey in a fight. When they heard, the NFL said, "not helping."
So excited - today, WikiLeaks will reveal what channel TBS is on!
A new study came out and it claims Washington, D.C. has the worst traffic in the country. Government workers in D.C. spend hours in gridlock, getting nothing done and then, they get in their cars.
It’s rumored that the new iPhones are going to use facial recognition technology to unlock your phone. Of course, if you live in Los Angeles, the iPhone will store up to six of your previous faces.
In New York, two grandmothers became the state's first legally wed same-sex couple. The night before, the two grandmothers threw a bachelorette party where a stripper jumped out of a lemon square.
If I could only pick one desert island record, I’d choose whichever album is most canoe-shaped.
Carmageddon was this weekend and every one stayed in.  In fact, the only people that left their home were emergency workers, police officers and Marc Anthony.
The White House website has a feature where you can go on a virtual tour of the White House. So far the most popular destinations are the Lincoln Bedroom, the Bill Clinton bedroom and the Hillary Clinton Bedroom.
Things keep getting worse for New York City mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner.  The latest New York City mayoral polls reveal that Anthony Weiner is in 4th place.  Or as Weiner says, “Hey— I’m at the bottom of a foursome.”
Judge Judy has recently revealed that she too had nude photos of herself but chose to have them destroyed. So now we’ll just have to keep using our imagination.
Facebook was hacked yesterday and flooded with pornographic images. This might explain why I spent the entire evening hitting the "like" button.
At the box office this past weekend, LEGO Batman beat out the sequel to Fifty Shades of Grey. When asked for comment, the movie Fifty Shades said, "That’s okay, I like being dominated."
A company in Japan has released a line of Pepsi flavored Cheetos. Apparently, they're a hit with people who smoke Dr. Pepper flavored pot.
LA will raise its minimum wage to $15 per/hour by 2020. Angelenos making minimum wage said they can’t wait to be able to buy things in 5 years.
The CEO of Starbucks is asking customers to stop bringing guns into the coffee chain's stores.  He said, "It’s our job to rob you guys."
Apple announced it will ban two toxic chemicals that are used in production of iPhones. In a related story, the iPhone in your pocket right now - that’s made of toxic chemicals.
A close friend of President Obama's has been arrested for soliciting a prostitute, a high school friend named Bobby Titcomb.  Apparently, he was caught asking a woman for "The Old Titcomb." 
In last night's presidential debate in Florida, the audience was not allowed to applaud. But since it was Florida, the audience did yell out "Bingo!"
Earlier today, President Obama gave a speech about finding alternatives to foreign oil and suggested one solution could be more nuclear power.  Then Obama admitted he doesn't really follow the news.
Today in New York City, hundreds of fast food workers on strike took to the streets and blocked traffic. If there’s one thing fast food workers know how to do it’s clog a major artery.
Environmentalists are trying to get the bumblebee added to America’s endangered species list. Then they changed their minds after they were at a picnic for five minutes.
Not only do I hate the phrase, "YOU DO YOU, BRO" but I wrote it in such large letters that I now can't even see myself in this mirror.
Starting in May, Starbucks will offer an extra-extra-large drink size known as "Trenta." Starbucks says "trenta" is an Italian word meaning, "6 More Ounces of Burnt Coffee."
Today, the 116th Boston Marathon was won by a woman from Kenya and a man from Kenya.  It was a very, exciting race—both winners narrowly edged out someone from Kenya. 
A company in San Francisco is coming out with "Gluttony Pants" specifically designed for overeating.  Or as Americans call them, "Pants."
For those of you who don’t know, "Orange Is the New Black" features a cast of ruthless women who are constantly at each other’s throats - and for once, I’m not talking about "The View."
The Obama Administration announced a deal with Iran that will prevent the Iranians from making a nuclear weapon. In exchange we’re giving the Iranians Netflix.
Today, scientists at NASA released the Mars Rover's first video. Sadly, it's the Rover's audition tape for "American Idol."
It’s springtime in LA, which means I’m still wearing my Ugg boots, but with short shorts.
Last Friday, NPR's "This American Life" reported they may have stumbled upon the secret formula of Coca-Cola.  Even more surprising, the secret ingredient is Pepsi.
Yesterday, without mentioning Donald Trump, Pope Francis urged everyone to build bridges, not walls. So today, without mentioning the Pope, Donald Trump said "Francis is a girl’s name."
In a speech yesterday, Donald Trump spoke in favor of waterboarding. Trump said, "It’s how I got two of my three wives to say yes."
Clear something up for me - was the first Democratic debate already held over email?
Oreo is planning to unveil a three-cookied Double-Stuf Oreo with an extra layer of cream that they're calling the "The Triple Double Oreo."  This barely beat out their 2nd choice for a name: "Rocketship to Planet Diabetes."
Yesterday, Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt stopped by the White House. There was an awkward moment when they tried to adopt President Obama.
Yahoo’s newest financial report shows a big drop in revenue from last year.  Yahoo says they found out about the drop after Googling it.
A prominent gay conservative said he’s leaving the Republican party because he now believes it is intolerant. Friends describe the gay conservative as "slow to notice things."
Oprah has revealed who the guest will be on her final show and it’s not me. P.S. Congrats to whoever “Will Smith” is.
The new Star Wars trailer was released during Monday Night Football and today, all the Star Wars fans are asking "where’s Luke?" and "why is Leia crying?" Star Wars fans are also asking, "What’s a football?"
The Emmy's were last night.  It was the first time the host was a tall charming lesbian since 2006 when I hosted.
The Federal prison population has dropped by almost 5,000 people. And here’s the best part - they’re all in tonight’s audience!
Last week horsemeat was discovered in IKEA's meatballs and this morning, it was discovered in IKEA's hot dogs.  This is making me think twice about taking my family to dinner at a furniture store. 
Some political experts speculate that Donald Trump’s meltdown is beginning. In fact, they’re saying that at this rate, he’ll be washed up by the end of his second term.
IKEA is giving its US workers a raise. The CEO said, "We want IKEA workers to stick around longer than IKEA products."
For a charity event in May, Mitt Romney is going to box against former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield. Romney said, "It’s time to get my a** kicked by a different black guy."
I finally saw "Drive". Man, it really captures that awkwardness of when the girl you’re courting watches you kill a henchman on an elevator.
The Muslim teenager in Texas who was arrested for bringing a homemade clock to school was invited to visit Facebook headquarters in California. The boy said he’s eager to make the trip for the brief thrill of NOT being a Muslim in Texas.
A new Facebook app will remind users exactly what they were doing a year ago from that day.  9 times out of 10, the answer will be "wasting your time on Facebook."
We live in a representative democracy where elected officials are accountable to the people. APRIL FOOLS!
Newsweek magazine is returning, and this time it will be more expensive. This should work, since everyone’s main complaint with Newsweek magazine was, "too affordable."
Herman Cain said today he would make a decision about his campaign only after talking to his wife "face to face." Meanwhile, Cain's wife said she plans to talk to her husband, "shotgun to crotch."
According to a researcher at Harvard, success doesn’t lead to happiness, but happiness leads to success. The researcher made the discovery after reading his grandmother’s throw pillow.
On this week's "Celebrity Apprentice," Donald Trump asked Meatloaf to teach him to cry.  Meatloaf made Trump cry by saying, "Hey, you're on a TV show with Meatloaf."
I'm a Mohave fringe-toed lizard in the streets but a Colorado Desert fringe-toed lizard in the sheets.
Donald Trump recently said, "I’m going all the way and I’m going to win." Meanwhile, Mike Huckabee said, "I’m going some of the way and then I’ll go home."
Fox News is dropping its famous tagline, "Fair and Balanced.” Fox News is swapping it for the more accurate tagline, “Paranoia and Ads for Cialis.”
According to a new report, the average college freshman reads at a seventh grade level. Or, if you’re an optimist, every seventh grader now reads at a college freshman level.
In his new memoir, Senator Joe Lieberman talks about why having sex with his wife Hadassah on the Sabbath is so important to him. It's all there in the chapter called, "You Might Want to Skip This."
Scientists have created a mouse embryo using stem cells, raising the possibility that human life could be grown without male sperm. So just imagine: a strange futuristic world where most men’s sperm goes to waste.
Over the weekend, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that Donald Trump "says whatever comes into his head." To which Trump responded, "That is not true, clambucket pencil raft!"
Next week, Donald Trump’s grandson is going to have a bris, a Jewish circumcision ritual. Trump is afraid to go because he heard they were getting rid of a d***head.
Hillary Clinton’s attorney has handed over 30,000 emails sent by her staff at the State Department. Surprisingly, 29,000 of the staff emails are just about who took Jen’s yogurt from the break room fridge.
It was announced that Barbie will be featured in next week’s swimsuit issue of Sports Illustrated. So it looks like I can finally say that I’ve made out with a Sports Illustrated swimsuit model.
At his press conference today, Donald Trump said America will build the border wall and then be reimbursed by Mexico. The invoice will be submitted to Mexico’s Department of "In Your Dreams, Pendejo."
Just saw the red band trailer for "Minions" - cute, but a few too many f-bombs for me.
For the past week, every infant born at a hospital in Pittsburgh has been swaddled in a yellow and black towel and given a Steelers cap.  Not only that, they wash the baby by pouring Gatorade on its head.
In Montana, a math teacher is running for Senate. Win or lose, she plans on demanding a recount --because math is fun!
Adult film star Coco Brown will be the first porn star in space.  NASA officials admitted they are a little worried that the rocket she's riding may blast off prematurely. 
Britain has banned an ad featuring Julia Roberts and model Christy Turlington for being overly-airbrushed. Just to give you an idea of how overly-airbrushed it was, before they changed it, the ad featured Margaret Cho and Aretha Franklin.
One Direction released a new single called, “Best Song Ever." “Best Song Ever” is the first single off their new album entitled, “If You’ve Never Heard  A Song Before.”
It’s come out that Roy Moore once co-authored a textbook which argues that women shouldn’t run for public office. That is surprising since his current girlfriend is currently running for hall monitor.
Today is a day for drinking beer, watching football, and pretending I don't want to kiss all the players.
McDonald’s has decided to remove fitness trackers from their Happy Meals. Apparently, many customers thought McDonald’s was just making fun of them.
A hospital in Britain will be the first permitted to create babies with three biological parents. It’s being called the weirdest experiment in British genetics since the entire Royal Family.
The US Military is reportedly putting 4,000 Humvees up for auction. Anyone who shows up to buy one gets a free "I’m An A-Hole" t-shirt.
Some Republicans are saying that due to his current scandals, President Obama could be impeached.  In response, Obama laughed and said, "Two words fellas –  President Biden."
Earlier this week, Justin Bieber adopted a dog.  The adorable poodle who was just recently potty trained said he loves having a dog.
An Applebee's restaurant has apologized for accidentally serving a toddler a cup full of tequila. They then apologized for knowingly serving the rest of his family food made by Applebee's.
Uma Thurman named her new baby daughter Rosalind Arusha Arkadina Altalune Florence Thurman-Busson. In other words, Uma Thurman's daughter will never be able to drink from a personalized coffee mug.  
I'm hoping this is the year we finally get a prequel to “Norbit.”
A new article ranks the "20 Best Christmas Cities for Kids."  And once again the worst Christmas city for kids: Mecca.
A new study claims that coffee drinkers live longer than people who don't drink coffee.  Of course, coffee drinkers waste all of those extra years waiting in line at Starbucks.
The State Department will release 55,000 pages of Hillary Clinton's emails. It's actually one long email chain with the subject header "Where is he?"
In Russia, 122 year old man has passed away and he credited his long life to abstaining from alcohol, tobacco and women. His last words were "I've made a huge mistake."
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if the price of wood made chucking prohibitively expensive?
On Marc Maron’s WTF podcast the other day, President Obama used the N-word. In a related story, the President’s new rap album with 2 Chainz drops Wednesday.
Neil deGrasse Tyson: The effects of altering the Space-time continuum are unknowable.
Me: I hate watching "It’s A Wonderful Life" with you.
A janitor has graduated from Columbia University with honors as a Classics major.  With his new degree in Classics, he's now qualified to become a janitor.
Everyone loves Denzel Washington as a drunk pilot in “Flight”. Why no love for me as a drunk passenger on JetBlue security footage?
They’re going to start locking the White House doors, but they’re still going to let pies cool on the window sill.
At a zoo in China, a tropical bird has been shouting "F you" at visitors. In a related story, Quentin Tarantino's parrot is missing.
I wonder if a shipment of cumberbunds is called a Cumberbatch.
Secretary of Agriculture, Tom Vilsack, endorsed Hillary Clinton. Hillary called to say "thanks" as soon as she was done googling, "Tom Vilsack."
I’m sorry that Boston has had so much snow this winter, but I’m happy the Arby's sandwich I left in my parents' backyard is still good.
Don’t cross Mr. I, or he becomes Mr. T.
The NFL has created a Sportsmanship Award that will be presented to the winner on the eve of the Super Bowl. The winner will be whichever NFL player is not in jail on the eve of the Super Bowl.
NBA player Jason Collins's former fiancé said she had no clue he was gay. She went on to say he didn't cheat on her, so she also had no clue he was in the NBA.
Spain is trying to boost its national birthrate by appointing a national "sex tsar." I’d like to lodge a complaint, because Sex Tsar is my username on Tinder.
Last night at the Democratic Convention, Bernie Sanders supporters staged a walkout. Witnesses say they’ll never forget the sound of 6,000 pairs of Crocs leaving the convention.
The Canadian government has ruled that its doctors are no longer allowed to prescribe heroin.  I think the real story here is that, until recently in Canada, a doctor could give you heroin. 
I just tried out Uber's new feature where you can check your "passenger rating" and it turns out I'm "doable."
A new survey has found that for the third year in a row, the most annoying word in the English language is "Whatever."  The news was taken especially hard by the top-secret government lab that developed "Brosephus."
A man in Germany who is getting divorced has sawed his and his wife’s possessions all in half. Those poor, poor children.
New York is imposing new rules for toplessness in Times Square. Guys, how many times do I have to say I was drunk and I’m sorry?
Last night, Marco Rubio won his first state with a victory in the Minnesota primary. It was such a big night, Rubio’s parents let him stay up and watch the returns come in.
In Massachusetts, a medical marijuana dispensary has begun selling marijuana-infused pizza. Or as that’s known, "one-stop shopping."
In Missouri, a boy brought a crack pipe into kindergarten for show and tell. The class has not had a naptime since.
My kids asked me what the Wall Street protestors were angry about, & I told them it was the crappy Father’s Day gift they gave me last year.
The White House says they are going to release the Osama bin Laden "death photo." Even better, they're doing so on a set of limited edition commemorative plates.
Tonight is the premiere of the new season of "Jersey Shore."  It promises to have all the name calling, sex scandals and backstabbing of the Republican primaries.
Starbucks announced it’s going to make it possible for thousands of its employees to go to college. The CEO said, "There’s nothing like a 4-year liberal arts degree to ensure they’ll end up back here working at Starbucks."
I understand Miley’s VMA performance. I’ve missed dozens of NFL games because my foam hand and I never made it out of the bedroom.
In Britain yesterday, 90-year-old Queen Elizabeth told reporters, “I’m still alive.” It was in response to the question, “what’s the first thing you tell Prince Charles every day?”
The niece of fashion designer Ralph Lauren forced her airline flight to land in Ireland due to a drunken "air rage" incident. Upon landing, authorities immediately detained her and made her Prime Minister of Ireland.
In Boston, experts believe they have found Paul Revere’s outhouse and they say they are excited to examine his fecal matter. These experts have been described as "single."
Gaddafi is now blaming the unrest in his country on Osama bin laden.  When reached for comment, bin laden said, "Sweet Jesus, don't lump me in with that nut job."
Next month, Colorado is opening its first-ever cannabis-themed resort. Activities include...no activities, actually.
At last night's Soul Train awards, Wolf Blitzer accepted an award on behalf of Eminem. It was Soul Train's prestigious "All You White People Look the Same to Us" Prize.
Russian President Vladimir Putin wrote an editorial in the New York Times asking the US to avoid "brute force" and be more "civilized." Unfortunately, Putin couldn’t finish writing it, as he had to go take his shirt off and arrest gay people.
No one will see "The Expendables III" for me.
Egyptian authorities have reported multiple incidents of people breaking into Museums and stealing mummies.  Turns out they're just stealing the mummies so they can drive in the carpool lane.
The most underappreciated job in the White House is the assistant who reminds Mike Pence to blink.
At last night’s debate, Donald Trump said the new Pacific Trade Agreement would let "China come in the back door and take advantage of everyone." That claim has been disputed by economists, but confirmed by the website "HotChineseBackDoorAction.com"
I heard the iPhone 15 won't have any ports or jacks or a screen and it will just be a smooth steel ball and finally we'll all be happy.
On the campaign trail this week, Jeb Bush gave one of his supporters a chest bump. She is no longer supporting him.
Khloé Kardashian is reportedly pregnant. Khloe said she doesn’t care if it’s a boy or a girl just as long as it has over one million Instagram followers.
California Governor Jerry Brown signed a controversial new bill allowing assisted suicide. Just in time for Lakers season!
Tomorrow, me and 12 friends are going to an ESPN Zone to watch the former head of the FBI testify before Congress.
The Iowa State Fair starts tomorrow, and this year marks the debut of fried butter on-a-stick.  Also debuting at the Iowa state fair, "dead fatty-on-a stretcher."
Chris Christie’s campaign slogan is "Telling It Like It Is." This is in contrast to Hillary’s slogan, "Explaining Why This Is Not What It Looks Like."
Earlier tonight, the second Republican debate took place here in California. Of course with 10 men and only one woman, everyone thought they were watching "The Bachelorette."
The latest rumor in Hollywood is that Lindsay Lohan is getting advice from Mel Gibson. You can tell she's listening to Mel because today Lindsay crashed her car into a bagel shop.
Congressman Weiner has now admitted to having affairs with six different women over email, Twitter, and Facebook.  Even worse, today he admitted to having an affair with three chickens on FarmVille.
A diner in North Carolina has taken all the prices off its menu, and has told customers to just pay "What God wants." It turns out God is a cheapskate.
The gay penguins from the Toronto zoo have permanently broken up after one successfully mated with a female penguin. Scientists are calling it an important step for the survival of the species, while the penguin's ex-boyfriend is calling it "a phase."
I just got back after spending a week in Dallas. It’s nice to know that if I miss seeing guys in cowboy hats and boots I can just go to West Hollywood.
Just got some weird looks at the health club when I unrolled my Ke$ha yoga mat.
In New Hampshire, Tea Party candidate and presidential hopeful Ted Cruz had to comfort a little girl who got scared during his campaign speech. However, the little girl felt much better after Cruz reassured her he doesn’t have a chance in hell.
Donald Trump is saying "Merry Christmas" instead of "Happy Holidays." Donald Trump said he’s a fan of Jesus because "I like guys who inherit their dad’s business and then think they’re God."
Mitt Romney has accused President Obama of pandering to the Latino community.  The White House said the President is unable to comment because he's busy watching Telemundo and eating Chalupas.
In Canada, police seized 55 marijuana plants from a nursing home. In their defense, residents say it was the only way they could get their grandkids to visit.
A new study finds that the worst drivers drive a Prius. Apparently, it’s very difficult to drive well while patting yourself on the back.
There is a new dating site just for white people. It’s called the "Downton Abbey" chatroom.
Donald Trump is giving key positions in his cabinet to people who were loyal to him early on. So congratulations, Defense Secretary Scott Baio!
For the first time in over 140 years, a black bear was spotted in Indiana. When questioned, the bear said, "Actually I just identify as black."
In an interview, Donald Trump said he won’t have to ask God for "much forgiveness." Unless, of course, God turns out to be a Mexican woman who’s a Muslim.
The NFL announced some tough new rule changes for next season. There will be a 10-yard penalty for abusive language and a 15-yard penalty for murdering someone.
In New York City, muggings for Apple products are up 40%. Even worse, if you have the new iPhone, people camp out overnight to mug you.
The lead singer of the 90s band Creed has said he thinks President Obama is "ineffective." So in other words, President Obama has lost the support of yet another unemployed person.
Jennifer Lawrence: Sorry I couldn't be your Oscar date tonight, but Emmanuelle Riva is going to be there - and you know how my exes are.
Donald Trump now says that this week, he will allow 872 refugees into the United States. Trump says the immigrants will arrive on Friday and start their modeling careers on Monday.
Archaeologists have just uncovered evidence of a Native American civilization that vanished in the 13th century. Apparently, they died out months after selecting their new leader, Chief Trump.
For its 25th anniversary, the music festival Lollapalooza is adding a fourth day. That extra day will be devoted to showering.
The big movie over the weekend was "San Andreas," it’s a movie about a devastating earthquake that hits California. Thanks to its success, it’s going to be followed up by the even more exciting movie, "Drought."
Yesterday, on "Meet the Press," Former Vice President Dick Cheney defended waterboarding. Man, this guy doesn’t care about human rights or the drought.
After allegedly sexually harassing his fellow employees, Bill O’Reilly is leaving Fox News with a severance worth 25 million dollars. So with that in mind, I’d just like to say to Andy, "Nice rack."
North Korea has fired six missiles in the past three days. In a related story, South Korea is pregnant.
During the inauguration, a teenage boy was spotted flirting with Malia Obama. At this moment, the boy is being flown to a remote location in Afghanistan.
Due to the recession, many states are considering selling off the names of public facilities to corporations. I just want to say, I find that disgusting, and so does Andy "Extreme Ranch Doritos" Richter.
The controversy surrounding the New England Patriots and underinflated balls is now being called "Deflategate." Which means now my wife will have to use a different term to describe our honeymoon.
In India, poppy farmers are complaining that opium-addicted parrots are destroying their farms. Even worse, the parrots won’t stop saying "Polly wants to blast off!"
Nintendo has teamed with Kelloggs to make a Mario Brothers cereal. Kelloggs promises that the Super Mario cereal will "taste like plumber."
Yesterday, Burger King unveiled its new "Whopper" scented cologne. So ladies, if he smells like a Whopper, he’s either wearing the cologne or just ate one - either one, he’s a keeper.
Ikea announced it will turn its first store into a museum. It will be called the Metropolitan Museum of Things That Break After Two Years.
Lady Gaga just did a Vogue photoshoot wearing only raw meat. When she does it, it's art - when I do it, it's "Daddy, you ruined another BBQ."
President Trump has turned down a chance to throw out the first pitch on opening day for the Washington Nationals. However, Trump said he’ll reconsider if he can also throw out all the players from other countries.
This week, parts of Minnesota will be as cold as 50 below zero. Minnesotans heard this and said, "So it's Spring already?"
A new study says that women prefer tall men to have large penises. The study also said woman prefer short men to have a tall friend with a large penis.
Just days after Mitt Romney suggested he might run for president, there’s been a backlash. The backlash is led by Jeb Bush, Mike Huckabee, and just to hedge his bets on every issue, Mitt Romney.
After a long cold spell, it's finally starting to warm up here in Los Angeles.   In fact, the only thing still frozen in this town is Bruce Jenner's face. 
A surgeon in California accidentally removed a prison inmate’s wrong kidney. Either that, or a kidney just pulled off the most amazing prison escape in history.
In New York City, two supermodels joined a protest against Donald Trump’s Muslim ban. After hearing this, Trump said, "Maybe I should rethink things."
Massachusetts was just named the most liberal state. Researchers almost picked California, but then they stopped for gas in Bakersfield.
President Obama said he came out in favor of gay marriage because his position has evolved and then today, he flew to George Clooney's house.  So apparently, things are evolving a lot faster than anyone expected.
People are commenting that Mitt Romney has been looking extremely tan lately.  In fact, if Romney gets any darker he's not going to vote for himself.
CBS greenlit a sitcom based on Groupon. Why is TBS stalling on my idea “Val-Pak Buddies?”
In last night's Republican debate, the candidates were asked to describe themselves in one word.   Rick Santorum said, "Courage," Ron Paul said, "Consistent," and Newt Gingrich said, "Bootilicious."
Voters in Arizona have approved a measure allowing medical marijuana.  So Arizona is now the 15th state you can pretend to have glaucoma in.
Kanye West has recorded a new song in which he says he's fallen in love.  Kanye must be in love because the song is entitled, "You Remind Me of Me."
It’s expected to rain in Washington during Donald Trump’s inauguration. In response, Donald Trump tweeted "the sky is rigged."
Apparently Moammar Gadhafi is a hypochondriac who is accompanied everywhere he goes by a sexy blonde Ukrainian nurse.  After hearing about it, Charlie Sheen boarded a plane to Libya.
In his speech last night, Chris Christie said the word "I" 37 times, "Romney" seven times, and "jobs" only once.  And then there was the 622 times he said the word, "Ham."
FHM has come out with its annual list of the 100 hottest women. Or as Leonardo DiCaprio calls it, his "to do" list.  
Hostess is bringing back Twinkies next week, but now employees are complaining about massive wage cuts.  A spokesperson for the employees said, “We can’t tighten our belts, we eat Twinkies.”
Rick Santorum has a "Google problem" because when you Google his last name, you get a description of a dirty sex act.  Meanwhile, in an effort to get someone to Google him, Jon Huntsman has changed his name to "Jon Rusty Trombone."
President Obama told Americans not to panic about Ebola. Then when asked about the Democrats’ chances in the upcoming midterm elections, Obama said, "Man, that Ebola sure is scary!"
BP has been fined $25 million for causing an oil spill in Alaska five years ago. Or, as BP refers to it, "our warm-up spill."
It’s being reported that President Trump is bothered that people think he watches too much television. Trump claims he saw it mentioned today on "The View," "The Today Show," CNN, "Live with Kelly and Ryan," and "Clifford the Big Red Dog."
Look for me in a spin-off of “So You Think You Can Dance” called “So You’ve Been Stalking Cat Deeley.”
Officials say the winner of a $338 million Powerball ticket bought it at a New Jersey liquor store. It's being called the first time in history the word "winner" has described someone at a New Jersey liquor store.
"Glee" premiered last week and its viewership dropped by 35%.  Of course viewership is down because last week most "Glee" fans were finally able to join the military.
I’m getting so many spam e-mails for the Genie Bra, I’m starting to wonder if maybe I should do something to perk up “my girls.”
The Trump campaign said pollsters aren’t counting people who are afraid to say they’re Trump supporters. That’s right, because Trump supporters are very, very shy.
According to a new poll, Trader Joe's is no longer America's favorite grocery store. The story was reported in this morning’s "Emergency News for White People."
Everyone's OK, but a man ran around a mall in New Hampshire smashing things with a hammer. The man is being charged with "feeling like we all do in a mall around Christmastime."
Yesterday, Apple founder Steve Jobs announced plans to build a new, state-of-the-art headquarters for Apple.  Jobs then announced that in 6 months, they'll replace it with a slightly thinner headquarters with a crappy camera.
The security chief of the TSA has been fired. He’s been told to expect long lines at the unemployment office.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has named the final members of the committee charged with reducing the debt.  Unfortunately, the committee includes MC Hammer, Willie Nelson, and Nicolas Cage.
On his radio program, Rush Limbaugh said that sometimes when women say "no," they mean "yes." As a result, Limbaugh has just been made the new commissioner of the NFL.
A new study reveals more than two billion people worldwide are overweight or obese. And at any given time, most of them are at Disneyland the same day as you.
Snoop Lion claimed that he once smoked pot in the White House. Then his friends told him that wasn’t the White House, it was a White Castle with an American flag.
Scientists in Massachusetts have been able to grow a monkey arm in their lab. Moments after being created, the monkey arm immediately threw poop at them.
It’s been reported that after leaving office, President Obama is considering owning an NBA team. They say Obama wants to be an NBA owner because it’s his only chance to get someone on the court.
Later this month, President Trump will visit Israel, Saudi Arabia, and the Vatican. Trump said, "I look forward to insulting three religions in one trip.
It's being widely reported that the meat content in Taco Bell's ground beef is only 36%. Which explains their new slogan, "Think Outside the Cow."
Miley Cyrus said people should forget that she’s naked when they watch her new video.  She said, "Instead, they should remember that this is what happens when you let children become actors."
There's a new social network that's been created just for senior citizens. Actually, we're just sending them to MySpace—but we're telling them it's new.
Big news in the NBA – The New Orleans Hornets have announced plans to change their name to the New Orleans Pelicans.  Meanwhile, the Lakers want to change their name to the Clippers.
In a new article, doctors say that your attention span is like a muscle than can be strengthened. I didn’t read the rest of the article because I saw a shiny thing.
I’ve got good news and bad news. The good news is that I’ve got great news. The bad news is that I don’t know what adjectives are.
Mark Zuckerberg has announced that Facebook is now hiring. Hey Zuckerberg, good luck finding workers who aren't going to screw around all day on Facebook.
To woo Republicans, and to woo Republican members of Congress specifically, President Obama is giving them rides on Air Force One. He said, "I like seeing the look in their eyes when they realize the Earth isn't flat."
During a Senate hearing yesterday, Senator John McCain said it was too hard always having to update apps on his iPhone. No one had the heart to tell him the device he was holding was a garage-door opener.
The co-founder of Burt’s Bees says he was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee. That explains the name of his new company, Burt’s Double D’s.
Cool Ranch-flavored lube. #JustPuttingItOutThere
Critics say President Obama spent too much time looking down at something on the podium. Today, the President apologized and said, "At the next debate, no more Angry Birds."
Al Qaeda has a magazine and the spring issue features a profile of Moammar Gadhafi.  It also features a section on women's fitness called, "Death to Cottage-Cheese Thighs!"
Embattled crack-smoking Toronto mayor Rob Ford said he’s working out in the gym two hours every day. He said, "It’s the second best way I know to lose weight."
At a hospital in England, a girl finally came out of her coma after Adele's "Rolling in the Deep" came on the radio. Witnesses say she opened her eyes and said, "I'm so sick of that song."
The "Sons of Anarchy" gang logo displays the grim reaper holding a blade and a rifle. Coincidentally it’s the same logo used by the NFL now.
I was relieved Ricky didn't mention me.  Then this morning, I took a shower and Ricky popped his head through the curtain and said, "You call that a penis?"
Archaeologists in Israel have discovered an ancient formation as old as Stonehenge that’s known as the "Wheel of Giants." They claim that ancient locals used to gather around the wheel nightly and purchase vowels.
When our show first aired, Miley Cyrus was a 1-year-old. And guess what? She spends more time naked now than she did back then.
The Red Sox are in last place. The Nationals are in first. I'm ready for you, locusts.
Disneyworld has announced plans to start serving alcohol. They're even going to introduce a new character "Extremely Buzzed Lightyear."
Today is Joe Biden’s birthday. The Vice President’s friends surprised him with a cake, but his thank you speech was so long, the stripper inside it fell asleep.
The Los Angeles Kings won game one of the Stanley Cup Finals in overtime. Fans in LA went crazy after they heard about it this morning at work.
A new study says record numbers of college students from China are getting expelled from United States colleges for cheating. Great - so now Chinese students have finally beat Americans at the last thing we were #1 in.
Hackers infiltrated the U.S. Postal Service’s computer network. The Post Office was shocked about the cyber-attack, and even more shocked that they have a computer.
The male masseuse is claiming in court documents that Travolta's penis is "eight inches in length."  Isn't that disgusting—it's 2012, and we're still not on the metric system.
Today, a top football prospect for Michigan State was unable to sign his letter of intent because he’s in jail. Sounds like somebody’s ready for the NFL.
Trump just made even more people angry - he plans to recognize Lannisport as the capital of Westeros.
President Obama's half-brother is running for political office in Kenya. Donald Trump has already accused him of being born in the U.S.
The State Department reports that the #1 destination for Syrian refugees is Michigan. Folks, it’s never a good sign when you’re saying, "All our problems will be solved if we can just make it to Detroit!"
The new mayor of New York City is married to a woman who used to be a lesbian. That explains his campaign slogan, "If I can turn her around, imagine what I could do for New York City."
A new poll shows that Canadian teenagers smoke more pot than any other teens in the world. When reached for comment, Canadian teens said, "You would too— if you grew up listening to Nickelback."
Brian Williams could be in a lot of trouble at NBC, but I’m not worried - he’s getting advice from his daughter Allison on how to survive a chewing-out.
According to a new poll that just came out, Vladimir Putin’s approval rating in Russia has reached an all-time high. Putin is polling very well among Russians who don’t want to be killed.
New research says that Neanderthals used to relieve pain by chewing on a plant containing the main ingredient in aspirin. Or as that’s now being called, "The Republican healthcare plan."
A company in Denmark has released a new solid gold cell phone that costs over $57,000. They say it's the coolest phone you'll ever drop in your toilet.
The Secret Service is considering several new measures to keep people from trying to get into the White House. The first thing they’re going to do to keep people out is put a sign up that says, "Blockbuster Video."
William Shakespeare smoked weed? Now I can finally mount that “Two Gentlemen from Verona” production with Cheech and Chong.
The oil industry said today that, if they were allowed to drill more, they could create over a million new jobs.  Of course, most of those jobs would be: "cleaning oil off ducks."
Using advanced facial recognition software, the NSA is collecting millions of images of people's faces a day. And that’s just to keep up with Bruce Jenner.  
Today is Martin Luther King Jr. Day, a day everyone in my studio audience decided to celebrate by seeing the whitest man on television.
This past weekend in Detroit, a plane had to be diverted due to a threatening note.  The note said, "Welcome to Detroit."
This morning, Donald Trump tweeted that Ted Cruz "illegally stole" the election. Trump said, "Everyone knows you’re supposed to illegally BUY the election."
An executive at Apple helped design the lightsaber for the new "Star Wars" film "The Force Awakens." In fact they’ve already had to rename the movie: "The Force Awakens, Unless the Battery’s Been On For 4 Hours."
While the Chilean Miners were underground they looked at porn, smoked pot, and stayed up late at night debating the pros and cons of cannibalism. So basically – it was like college.
Due to the drought, California governor Jerry Brown has cut back on bathing. And as a result, Californians have cut back on hanging out with Jerry Brown.
President Obama’s approval rating among 20-somethings has been plummeting. Which is why Obama is now focusing his energy on easing student debt, creating jobs, and touring with Macklemore.
A mother in Queens was shocked to find porn on a DVD of her kids' cartoons. The store says it's the woman's own fault for buying a DVD called "Dora Goes Exploring."
Experts believe that by the year 2066, white people will be a minority in Great Britain. So as a precaution, the country plans to change its name to Tyler Perry's Great Britain.
Hillary Clinton said she went to Donald Trump’s wedding but didn’t give him a gift. Trump said, "Just for that, you’re not coming to my next three weddings."
Experts are saying that President Trump is already preparing for the 2020 election. Now some people think that’s overly optimistic, but others say no, he’ll probably be paroled by then.
ABC is being criticized after the Charlie Brown Halloween special was followed directly by a raunchy sex scene from "Scandal." So tonight, to help children understand what they saw, they’ll be airing the Peanuts special, "It’s Called 'Doggie Style', Charlie Brown."
This weekend, the Super Bowl was the most watched show in television history.  Until tonight! 
7-Eleven announced it’s now offering "breakfast pizza." It’s all in keeping with 7-Eleven’s motto: "If You’re Here, You’re Probably Hungover."
France's electronic duo Daft Punk won five Grammys. The French duo said, "It's nice to finally win something without military assistance from America."
US officials are now investigating former FIFA President Sepp Blatter for corruption. The man is furious, he said, "How dare you sully the name Sepp Blatter? You’ve made a fool out of the name Sepp Blatter!"
Reportedly, the identity of Jack the Ripper, who killed five people in London, has finally been revealed. After hearing about it, the Commissioner of the NFL suspended him for two games.
Donald Trump is reportedly interested in buying an NFL team for $1 billion dollars. So Browns fans can look forward to rooting for the "Cleveland Comb-Overs."
The stock market plunged today and the price of gold is at a record high.  In fact, the price of gold is so high, today an angry mob looted Mr. T.
I’m excited because I won the office Oscar pool. I guessed "too long."  
Earlier today, Lady Gaga visited the White House.  There was an awkward moment when Michelle Obama thanked her for the toaster and Lady Gaga said, "That's my hat."
Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah has been fined $50,000 for yelling a remark that was offensive to gay people.  Reportedly the offensive remark was, "Glee has jumped the shark!"
Powerball officials said that two people had the right numbers to win the $580 million jackpot. So, congratulations to the lucky winners, Mitt and Ann Romney!
House Speaker Paul Ryan described Donald Trump’s remarks about a Hispanic judge as a "textbook definition" of racism. When they heard this, Trump supporters said, "You lost us at 'textbook.'"
Doctors have reported the number of vasectomies in this country increase by up to 50% during March Madness. So I guess for some guys, the Final Four refers to their sperm count.
They can see every man's bald spot and down every woman's blouse. THAT'S why giraffes are always smirking.
The NFL has filmed a PSA warning women about breast cancer. Then they filmed a PSA warning women about the NFL.
It came late, but El Niño finally arrived here in Los Angeles. In case you didn’t know, El Niño is Spanish for "Little Boy." So apparently the reason El Niño was so late, is because it wanted to make sure Jared Fogle was in prison.
One of the newest trends is eating breakfast any time of day, and they’re calling it "Breakfastarianism." It’s much nicer than the old name for that, "Alcoholism."
Researchers are working on a method that lets you have virtual reality sex. The researchers say we will know they’ve perfected it when we don’t hear from them for three months.
The world's largest and best preserved Tyrannosaurus Rex currently resides at Chicago's Field Museum. The T Rex is so old it was found wearing a Cubs World Series ring.
Life hack: If you run out of breadcrumbs for a recipe, turn your computer keyboard over and shake it.
Today at the Vatican, Arnold Schwarzenegger met Pope Francis and tweeted that he is "a true leader for the church." Then Pope Francis tweeted, "I couldn’t understand a word that guy said."
North Korea is testing out a rocket that some believe is going to be launched to the moon. The problem is they can’t find an astronaut who will go to the moon and then willingly return to North Korea.
Gotta say, all of my Mayan friends have been pretty quiet today.
During last night's debate, one audience member asked how Mitt Romney was different than George W. Bush. President Bush said that's obvious – I would never do anything to hurt Big Bird.
Donald Trump said that he is not racist because he hired Arsenio Hall as his "Celebrity Apprentice."  Because nothing proves you're not racist like hiring a black man to work for you for free.
Although she herself is an immigrant, Donald Trump’s wife Melania says she is fine with her husband’s tough anti-immigration stance. When asked why, Mrs. Trump said she had about 4.5 billion reasons.
California has run out of room to house its death-row inmates. Which is why they’re all here in my audience tonight!
Tomorrow, the Minnesota legislature will vote on a bill to legalize same-sex marriage. However, many in Minnesota still believe that marriage is "a sacred union between a man and a plate of cheese fries."
During the pole vault, a Japanese competitor knocked the bar down with his penis. Even more impressive, he put the bar back up with his penis. Then he opened a bank safe.
Britain says it will outlaw “extreme porn.” Of course, it Britain, “extreme porn” means the Queen waving without a glove.
According to a new poll, Muslims are the religious group most satisfied with life in America. When asked why, Muslims said, "That travel ban totally kept our in-laws from visiting."
CBS is warning Grammy performers against wearing anything that will expose their breasts. This warning is aimed primarily at Cee Lo.
President Obama watches so much sports on TV that political groups who want to get his attention are running ads on ESPN. It's the same reason that during the Clinton Administration they advertised in JUGGS Magazine.
Donald Trump will be going on the Dr. Oz show to discuss his health. He will then discuss his immigration plan with Dora the Explorer.
There may not be a Smog Alert issued in Los Angeles today, but I am issuing something far worse: a Smug Alert. Celtics will take game 7.
New Jersey reelected Governor Chris Christie. Or as Christie put it, "I’ve come back for seconds."
A lingerie company has released a line of lingerie for men. This sexy new line of lingerie for men is called "Clean Underpants."
Happy Cinco de Mayo! If your Mariachi band didn’t book a gig today, you may want to explore new management.
I put the "erectile fun" in "erectile dysfunction."
El Chapo has been complaining about conditions in his Manhattan jail cell. Apparently, because it’s Manhattan, El Chapo is being charged a 12 dollar toll every time he uses his own tunnel.
The University of Arizona is now offering a degree in hip-hop. So far, the major's most popular class is, "Intro to Bitches."
An NFL star receiver was injured after a stripper hit him over the head with a champagne bottle. The good news is, if he’s on your fantasy football team, getting bashed in the head by a stripper is worth 25 points.
An Ultimate Fighting Champion has been banned after testing positive for marijuana. People thought he might be stoned when he entered the ring and said, "What are we fighting for, ultimately?"
In England, a 102-year-old man and a 91-year-old woman are set to marry and become the world’s oldest newlyweds ever. It’s the only wedding where if the groom gets cold feet, they check his pulse.
In the next few years, the federal government is planning to forgive $100 billion of student debt. So, congratulations to six USC grads.
A new report shows that Osama Bin Laden didn't want his kids to follow in his footsteps.  Which explains why Jeremy Bin Laden is in his third year of dental school.
Why no TV coverage of my favorite Olympic event, the 300-meter Self-Recrimination?
The US Soccer team qualified for the World Cup by beating Jamaica 1-0. The Americans attribute their success over the Jamaicans to hard work, training, and "not being stoned."
My wig, prosthetics, & makeup artist cost $2,000, but with them I can roam the Pasadena Flea Market undisturbed, looking for porcelain hands.
After an STD scare, all Los Angeles-area porn shoots have been shut down.  A spokesperson said, "We're doing everything we can to get the industry back on its knees." 
The Los Angeles Kings won in overtime to advance to the Stanley Cup finals.  When they heard the news, people in LA ran into the street and started shouting, "What’s hockey?!"  
Jay-Z announced that now that he has a baby daughter he is going to stop using the word "bitch." His exact words were, "From this day forward, bitches get my respect."
At the White House yesterday, former President George H. W.  Bush gave President Obama a pair of socks. President Obama thanked him and said, “The last time I got a gift I got from the Republicans, it was Mitt Romney.”
Mitt Romney did do well with certain voters. He had the support of men, people over 45, and married women.  In other words, Mitt Romney had the support of Mitt and Ann Romney.
Sarah Palin accused Ted Cruz of lying about Ben Carson and stealing the Iowa Caucus. This is my favorite thing in politics, when people lie and cheat to get the Evangelical Christian vote.
Astronomers say they have found a planet with an 8-hour day. Even more surprising, at least 6 hours of that day are wasted on Facebook.
Facebook just announced that they've appointed a new director of privacy. His name is Dave Jenkins, he lives at 17 Oakwood Lane and his pin number is 3153.
After tours of the White House were canceled due to budget cuts, Donald Trump has offered to pay for them. All he's asking is that they rename it "The Trump White House and Casino." 
Just read part of an incredible synopsis of an article about Attention Deficit something or other.
32 other countries have a greater life expectancy than the U.S.  This is due to obesity, smoking, and the NFL.
Last night was the premiere of the Justin Bieber film, "Never Say Never," in 3-D.  Audience members said the 3-D was so good, it was like his bangs were hanging over your face.
The hottest new culinary trend in California is red wine laced with marijuana. I don't have a joke for this, I just was asked to announce this by the California Board of Tourism.
MySpace announced that it will now let people use their MySpace accounts to log into Facebook. In another big change, MySpace is officially changing its name to "Facebook's-Bitch.com."
A former US Olympic swimmer— in an interview—  said that nearly all elite competitive swimmers pee in the pool regularly. So apparently, I am an elite competitive swimmer.
To protest new porn laws In the United Kingdom, a mass "face-sitting" demonstration is being planned. Good luck understanding what the protesters are chanting.
Hawaii has legalized civil unions. Or, as it was announced in the Hawaiian state legislature: "One with 2 coconuts may now marry another with 2 coconuts."
Today is International Women's Day.  In honor of this occasion, Ladies, tonight's first guest is Jon Hamm.
Inspired by the success of "50 Shades of Grey," a company is releasing erotic versions of classic literary works.  So now, in "The Old Man and the Sea,"  the old man doesn't just catch the fish.
Ivanka Trump has a new book of business advice for women. Tip number one is "Be your rich dad's favorite daughter."
Scientists have figured out how to generate electricity from tears. In fact, they say that soon, 10% of our renewable energy will come from people watching "This Is Us."
Finally, a Thanksgiving without a drunken uncle. Just me, my nieces and nephews and my bottle of Jack Daniels.
There were a lot of protestors at a rally today in Phoenix attended by President Trump and Vice President Pence. Things got awkward when it turned out that the "Impeach Trump" chants were being led by Mike Pence.
The Dalai Lama has announced that he will be giving up many of his duties as the spiritual leader of Tibet in anticipation of retirement. Luckily, he's already trained his successor – son-in-law Dirk Lama.
Burger King has developed a ‘hands-free’ Whopper-Holder. Of course, if you have feel the need to have a hands-free Whopper-Holder, there’s probably something else you should be putting around your neck.
A Los Angeles bus was quarantined after a man boarded and yelled "I have Ebola!" To isolate him from other humans, they took him off the bus and put him on the Los Angeles subway.
Hillary Clinton said the person who had the most profound effect on her was Nelson Mandela.  Bill Clinton said he relates to Nelson Mandela because he too has been denied freedom for decades.
According to NASA, on Halloween a massive asteroid is going to pass very close to Earth. And in the spirit of Halloween, it will be dressed as a slutty asteroid.
Traces of horsemeat have been discovered in IKEA's Swedish meatballs. Wow, it almost makes you want to stop taking your family to dinner at a furniture store.
It is Cyber Monday. It’s the time of year when you can get a great deal today on something you didn’t want yesterday. What’s my return policy on that joke by the way?
My Donald Trump tax jokes are none of your business.
Is there anything more delicious than unsweetened… ah, just kidding.
A Miami strip club has apologized for using Martin Luther King Jr.'s image in a flier for the strip club. They've also apologized for their marquee promising "Malcolm-X-Rated Action"
At the Cannes Film Festival this weekend, an audience gave a ten minute standing ovation to a silent film.  Apparently, somebody showed "Burlesque" with the sound off.
A lot of job loss is attributed to automation. In fact, today I fired my writers because for the next four years, jokes will write themselves.
She's going to be OK, but a 17-year-old girl is being treated for malnutrition after eating nothing but Chicken McNuggets for the past 15 years.  Doctors are describing her condition as "American."
Scientists have figured out how to suppress the appetites of mice. They bring them to a Long John Silver’s.
In Georgia robbers took $150 from a little girl who was running a lemonade stand. Which begs the question: how much was this little girl charging for lemonade?
A New York man has had 90 surgeries so he can look like "a human Ken doll." I hate to break it to him but you only have to have one surgery to do that.
A new report claims that "good cholesterol" may not be as beneficial as previously thought. This is bad news for Dominos' new "Good Cholesterol Stuffed Pizza."
In Germany, an airport recently hired clowns to try and entertain grumpy passengers whose flights had been delayed. None of the clowns survived.
On their first date, President Obama reportedly took his wife Michelle to the Art Institute of Chicago.  Meanwhile, on their first date, Mitt Romney bought his wife the Art Institute of Chicago.
I don’t bring it up a lot, but if you just count the electoral votes, I won "The Voice" last season.
Donald Trump claimed to have "many Muslim friends." However, when asked for specific names, the only one he could come up with was "The Genie from 'Aladdin.'"
Today, Russian President Vladimir Putin said he had nothing to do with the firing of FBI Director James Comey. Putin said, "How could I? He’s still alive, isn’t he?"
The Seahawks and the Broncos will be going to the Super Bowl at Giants Stadium. The Patriots and the 49ers were bummed about losing until they realized now they don’t have to go to New Jersey.
A new "breast-themed" restaurant chain is opening to compete with Hooters.  When asked what kind of food they'll be serving, the CEO said, "Who cares?"
Mitt Romney said one of the people he would consider as his running mate is 300-lb. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.  After hearing about it, Christie said, "That's great, but tell me more about the dinner."
New tests for the iPhone 6 Plus show that the device bends when it’s under 90 pounds of pressure. And get this, when it’s under 300 pounds of pressure, Siri says, "Try a salad, fat-ass!"
The Chicago Cubs are considering leaving Wrigley Field if they don't get a bigger scoreboard. Then someone reminded the Cubs, for the amount of runs they get, they don't need a scoreboard.
The Kentucky Derby was won on Saturday by a horse with a Canadian owner and a Mexican jockey. The horse’s name is Suck It, Trump.
If Christine Quinn wins the New York City Mayoral race, she’d be the city’s first lesbian mayor. Which is why her campaign slogan is, "Christine Quinn— As Far Away From Weiner As You Can Get."
Miley Cyrus wrote a letter to former fiancé Liam Hemsworth, saying she is sorry for her wild ways. Miley delivered the letter while drunk, naked and riding a gazelle.
I always keep a giant-brimmed ladies' hat ready, in case I ever need to sit in back of an auction house & mysteriously place a winning bid.
Before the invention of popcorn, people would just eat dried kernels of corn, then stick their face in a fire until their teeth exploded.
Bill Clinton is reportedly sick and tired of people asking him if Hillary's going to run for President. The other question he's tired of hearing is "Where are your pants?"
The average Netflix user streams 46 hours a month. And the average senior citizen, eight times a night.
TBS went a little crazy advertising my week in New York City—I hope you don't mind seeing my face on all the bus stops. I can assure you, the penises weren't there when we put them up.
Over the weekend, musician Kenny G was on a Delta flight and gave a brief performance. Passengers are describing the performance as "not brief enough."
Just got out of a traffic ticket with tickets to the show. Luckily, that cop loves “Ellen”.
Now we just got our Christmas tree, but due to the drought, it’s plastic. In fact, our tree has the same surgeon as Bruce Jenner.
If they replace Alexander Hamilton with a woman, I’ll never put a ten in my front pocket without muttering “please close your eyes.”
This morning, Vladimir Putin announced he’s gonna run for re-election. Then this afternoon, he announced he won.
Congressman Weiner announced he's taking a two week leave of absence to seek treatment.  Weiner has checked into the "That's Not Mayo" Clinic.
To advance to the Super Bowl, the Seattle Seahawks scored two touchdowns in the final two minutes and then won in overtime. I told my wife, "See, two minutes can be very exciting."
The Atlanta Braves baseball team has decided to stop using the "Screaming Indian" logo because it's offensive. Unfortunately, the logo they've replaced it with is "Asian Kid Getting Into Harvard."
TIME magazine has published a short list of nominees for Person of the Year, and it includes Colin Kaepernick, Donald Trump, and Robert Mueller. If it’s a three-way tie, that's going to be one awkward photo shoot.
Don’t underestimate the influence of the World Cup. I’m already adding a vuvuzela section to our TBS band.
While visiting a local school in Washington, students gave the President of China a football. Then the President of China took a look at the football and said, "Hey - I know the kid who made this!"
At the World Scrabble Championships, one player accused another player of hiding a tile and demanded he be strip-searched.  It was a historic moment because it was the first time a Scrabble champion has seen a naked body.
A radio station in Austin is holding a contest called "Kiss a Kia" that has 20 people standing around kissing a Kia, the last person standing wins the car. Let’s hope this goes better than last year’s contest, "Hump A Hyundai."
A couple in Florida left their waiter a $1,500 tip. Since it’s Florida, the waiter still murdered them. 
White Castle is offering candle lit dinner service for Valentine's Day tomorrow. It's the perfect way to tell your partner, "I'm hungry and I don't love you that much."
The Wisconsin Legislature has introduced a bill making it illegal to make a prank phone call. The bill is sponsored by State Senators Dick Hertz and I.P. Freely.
Am I the only one that tests "forever" postage stamps by smothering them with a pillow?
Over the weekend, Adele gave birth to a baby boy.  So once again, Adele started crying after a male left her.
I'm frequently told that I resemble someone's best friend who still likes ska.
President Obama met with the Dalai Lama. The president tried to talk about spiritual paths to peace, but all the Dalai Lama could say was, "Jesus H Christ, your country’s gone batshit."
Apparently, Mayor Filner sexually harassed a great-grandmother. Today, Filner said, "You can call me sexist, but you can't call me ageist."
Despite all the website problems, the approval rating for Obamacare has gone up. Unfortunately, I can't give you the exact number because it's listed on the Obamacare website.
In a new survey, one out of three men age 75 to 95 describe themselves as "sexually active." The other two out of three describe themselves as "not rich."
A Trump administration official said that whenever the media criticizes the president, they will call it "fake news." And, whenever the media praises the president, they will call it "Fox News."
Cinnabon is at work developing the new "Cinnabon Pizza." They're also at work developing the new "Type 3 Diabetes."
A holistic doctor has developed a trick that can help you fall asleep in 60 seconds. The doctor says all it takes is $99 and a Mayweather-Pacquiao rematch.
Yesterday, the Maryland woman who claims she's the Mega Millions winner held a press conference, where she not only failed to present the winning ticket, but also quickly asked the press to leave. In other words, she's full of mega bullshit.
Charles Manson has applied for a license to marry his 26-year-old girlfriend. It must be tough for single women out there, first, Clooney, then Cumberbatch, now Manson. All the good ones are taken.
At a Paris Fashion Week show, Chanel kicked off its event by launching a rocket into the air. Long story short, Chanel is now at war with North Korea.
A Washington state mother is accused of letting her 22-month-old toddler smoke marijuana. When reached for comment, the toddler said, "Hey man, everybody chill out."
This week People Magazine announced their "Sexiest Man Alive" and President Obama awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. In other words, this week I was robbed twice.
SeaWorld is doing so poorly now that the CEO announced they’re going to stop paying dividends to shareholders. However, the CEO said "They can still get money if they jump up and grab it from my hand."
An optometrist is saying Google Glass can cause sharp eye pain. Especially when people see you wearing it and punch your face in. 
Yesterday, Gary Busey withdrew his endorsement of Newt Gingrich. Mr. Busey has gone back to his prior position of endorsing a jar of raisins.
In an interview, Arnold Schwarzenegger's housekeeper said the affair wasn't all Arnold's fault because "it takes two."  After hearing this, Congressman Weiner said, "Actually, it just takes one."
Among the most popular baby names in 2013 are names like “Katniss” and “Django” because they come from big Blockbuster movies. Which means you  won’t be running into any babies named “Tonto.”
Last night was the debate among third party presidential candidates and each candidate came out in favor of medical marijuana.  It was the first presidential debate to air on the Cartoon Network.
Google has a new service called "flights" that is now able to predict flight delays. How it works is, if you’re flying United, your flight's delayed.
Pope Francis had a pizza hand-delivered to him in his Popemobile. Apparently the Pope phoned it in and said, "Get it to me in 30 minutes or less or you’re going to Hell."
The CEO of Whole Foods said it’s a great bonding experience to have sleepovers with his employees.  Then he looked at his phone and said, "I’m sorry, I have to take this, it's my lawyer."
Today is the Jewish high holiday of Yom Kippur. That’s right - Jews all over the country honored the day by staying home and watching the Pope on television.
A man in Georgia was arrested after stealing a Krispy Kreme donut truck.  Or as it's known in America, "a crime of passion."
Congress is questioning Twitter about allowing extremists on their site. In response, Twitter said, "We have to, he's the president."
A new report says Hollywood has failed to make progress in casting more LGBT people and people of color. However, not to worry: Warner Brothers said it’s addressing both concerns with its new release, "Batman V RuPaul."
A new study claims that dogs are able to read our expressions and know what we want. I had no idea I wanted a dog to hump my leg.
A judge has ordered the government  to tell people why they’ve been put on the no-fly list. And, they have to give a better reason than "You look a little Taliban-y."
The Jewish New Year began today at sundown. Which means tonight's show was written entirely by me.
Over the weekend, fans of Paula Deen staged a protest against her firing. Deen’s fans were so upset they held a hunger strike for eight seconds.
Kim Kardashian has been touring the Middle East, touching off angry protests among conservative Muslims. Funny – you'd think conservative Muslims would be happy to see a woman who's never had a job.
One of the women Congressman Weiner was having an online affair with was a Las Vegas blackjack dealer. Of course Weiner wasn't very good at blackjack because he hit on everything over 17.
Pope Francis has pledged to remain neutral during the World Cup. When asked why, the Pope said, "I picked the Miami Heat, and look how that turned out."
It's being reported that Jennifer Lopez decided to leave American Idol because of Steven Tyler's departure. She said, "I don't want to be the only woman judge."
Britain has a new foreign secretary, and the new foreign secretary once likened Hillary Clinton to a "sadistic nurse." After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "Man, I wish."
In Nashville on Tuesday night, Steven Tyler made a surprise appearance at a café and played a couple songs. People who saw Steven Tyler perform live said it was a treat to see Cher perform live.
Last night the Academy Awards tried appeal to a younger demographic with hosts James Franco and Anne Hathaway, but ratings were still down.  So next year the first presenter will be Natalie Portman's baby.
Rick Santorum said you aren't a "real Republican" until you've sworn at someone from the New York Times. Moments later, a panicked Mitt Romney called the New York Times reception desk and said, "Heck!"
A new study came out that found the more porn a man watches, the less motivation he has. I was going to read more about the study, but for some reason I just completely lost interest.
In a new interview, Arnold Schwarzenegger said he is "very proud" of his children. Then he added, "At least the ones I've met." 
The dating app, Tinder, launched a premium service with something called "unlimited liking capability." Until now, the only other product that gave you "unlimited liking capability" was beer.
Donald Trump said as president he would prosecute Hillary Clinton for using a private email server. He also said he would arrest Hillary Clinton for being a woman over 40.
The Discovery Channel announced that Michael Phelps will compete against a shark in a swimming race. Meanwhile, Ryan Lochte will compete against a shark in a spelling bee.
Welcome to the second season of our show.  I don't want to give anything away, but this is the season where Andy gets pregnant.
Today, Major League Baseball selected its newest Hall of Fame members and the most votes went to Randy Johnson. Later that day, Randy Johnson was also inducted into the "Porn Star Name Hall of Fame."
The National Society of Film Critics has named the Coen brothers’ new movie "Inside Llewyn Davis" the best film of the year. They’ve also named it the "Film With The Best Soon-To-Be-Porn-Title."
A researcher found that blonde women are slightly smarter than brunettes. The researcher said it’s not true but that line tends to work on blonde women at a bar.
"Sesame Street" announced that they have fired several of their long-time cast members. These layoffs were brought to you by the letters F and U.
New York City is currently holding a lottery for gay couples hoping to get married.  State officials will choose four lucky balls—but no word yet on how the lottery part will work.
Easy mistake: instead of renting "Moneyball," I accidentally rented a porn film called "MILF Wranglers VI, Volume II.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad gave a speech at the UN today and was actually applauded. Of course, he did start his speech by saying, "These replacement refs suck!"
Spanish scientists say they have discovered the oldest reproduction of Jesus Christ. It’s a selfie he took with Larry King.
The cellphone maker Fujitsu is releasing a new smartphone that’s just for old people. The most popular game on the phone will be "Words With Friends Who Are Still Alive."
Jeb Bush said he’s opposed to gay marriage. Jeb said, "When two men have the same last name it shouldn’t be because they’re married, it should be because they and their brother are presidents."
A sex expert says sex with robots will be the norm in 50 years. If you can’t wait that long, I know a really slutty Roomba.
President Trump now says he wants the wealthy to pay more taxes and undocumented minors to be allowed to stay in the country. Then, this morning, Trump accused himself of being born in Kenya.
There's a story in the paper about how more and more Golfers are buying special GPS devices that tell them how far away they are from the hole.  The bad news, it's not for golf…
Kim, Khloe, and Kourtney Kardashian are unveiling a line of clothing for girls. The Kardashians said, "We want to inspire women of all ages with the message that, if you set your mind to it, there’s no one you can’t do."
Chipotle has closed a location in Dallas after diners filmed three rats falling from the ceiling. Don’t worry, the rats died of E.coli before they hit the ground.
Donald Trump said the transition is going well and he has spoken to "many foreign leaders." Then someone had to explain to Trump that Barack Obama is not a "foreign leader."
With the Florida primary coming up, today Mitt Romney's campaign staff said the gloves are off. Or to use Romney's exact words, "Jeeves, be a good chap and remove my opera gloves."
The movie "Noah" has received Pope Francis’ blessing. However, the Pope refused to bless the new Muppets movie, saying, "It needed more Scooter." 
There's a new Website that helps college students arrange hookups for casual sex. It's called "Facebook."
Twitter is getting rid of their Vine app. Now if you want to see a six second video you’ll have to watch my sex tape. Twice.
Bingo was created on this day in 1929. Coincidently, everyone who plays bingo was also created on this day back in 1929.
The car horn is great training for the Facebook dislike button.
Today, the Orioles and the White Sox played their game in front of a completely empty stadium. It was the first major sporting event to be played for an empty stadium unless you count every professional soccer game in America.
Former Olympic Figure Skating gold medalist Brian Boitano announced he is gay. He did it by saying, "Hi, I'm Olympic figure skater Brian Boitano."
It’s my theory that the Stanley Cup is named after Paul Stanley from Kiss.
Friends say Hillary Clinton is thinking of writing another book. This book’s tentative title is "Happy Now, Assholes?"
Last night, the Oscar for Best Foreign Film went to a movie from Iran. Unfortunately, as soon as the Oscar statue is sent back to Iran, it will be stoned to death for being naked.
The president of the Ivory Coast has dealt a blow to his chief political rival by seizing the nation's coffee supply.  However, experts predict the real winner will be whoever gains control of the doughnuts.
Every man in North Korea is now required to get Kim Jong Un’s haircut. Or, as that style is known in the U.S., "The First Year Lesbian."
President Obama called Mitt Romney a "pioneer" of outsourcing jobs. A spokesman for Romney said, "I dare him to come here to India and say that to my face."
In newly leaked emails, former Secretary of State Colin Powell calls Hillary Clinton "greedy," and Donald Trump "a disgrace," and Dick Cheney an "idiot." In response, Americans everywhere said, "Hey, three for three."
The iPhone 4S doesn't come out until Friday but the pre-orders of the new iPhone have broken the company's previous record.  The most exciting thing about the iPhone 4S is a new app that automatically pre-orders the iPhone 5.
Remember "planking?" Me neither.
When Churchill said "Difficulties mastered are opportunities won", I don't think he had ever tried to "sext" on an iPhone.
Warner Brothers is reportedly working on a new Speedy Gonzales movie. After hearing about it, Mickey Mouse said, "Wow, they are taking our jobs."
In Cambodia, an actress is not allowed to make movies because the country’s government said she’s too sexy. So, ladies and gentlemen, now you know why I’m not allowed to make a movie in Cambodia.
It’s been reported that one of the world’s most popular nude beaches is in Ireland. So next time you’re there, make sure you visit "Melanoma Cove."
Seattle Seahawks star Marshawn Lynch has had a Starbucks drink named after him. Starbucks is also honoring Tom Brady with a Venti that deflates to a Grande.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer now says that President Trump "didn’t literally mean" that President Obama wiretapped him. He also said Donald Trump didn’t "literally mean" for people to vote for him.
Vladimir Putin has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. After hearing this, Putin said, "Tell me who the other nominees are and I will eliminate them."
J.K. Rowling unveiled her new website for hardcore Harry Potter fans. It's called Proactive.com.
A flight from Boston to Los Angeles was diverted to Omaha after a passenger began masturbating on board. On the bright side, he did win the battle over the arm rest.
Sharon Stone is in talks to make "Basic Instinct 3". Stone said she'll start filming next week unless her demands are met.
Manufacturers are testing a new drug that increases a woman’s sex drive. The drug is actually taken by men, and it makes them do the dishes. 
A new report came out, it says Chipotle’s E.coli outbreak was linked to its reliance on fresh ingredients. A spokesperson for Long John Silver’s said, "Well, we’re safe!"
The senior editor of the Scientific American said that Hurricane Sandy was partly caused by global warming. Meanwhile, Fox News says it was caused by two men kissing in Central Park.
Sports Illustrated laid off all its photographers. Good luck finding someone willing to take pictures of hot swimsuits models for free.
A new report claims that Osama Bin Laden was able to avoid being detected in Pakistan by wearing a cowboy hat. Pakistani authorities say, “I guess he just got lost in the sea of other 7 -foot Muslims guys wearing cowboy hats.”
In a new interview, world renowned physicist, Stephen Hawking, said that "Women are a mystery." Of course, his exact words were, "Bitches be crazy!"
The Miami Herald mistakenly ran a full-page ad congratulating the Miami Heat on winning the NBA championship.  Lebron James was so annoyed with the newspaper, he crumbled it up and tossed it just short of the wastebasket.
StIt's being reported that schoolchildren in North Korea were taught that Kim Jong-il did not urinate or defecate. So today, most school children in North Korea just assumed that their Fearless Leader exploded.
"O.J. Simpson Paroled" is by far the worst reboot of the summer.
It's come out that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia once compared homosexual sex to "sitting on a flagpole." Thousands of gay activists called this "An insulting remark" and "a great idea."
The FBI is looking into reports that someone has been vandalizing the airplanes for Southwest Airlines.  Apparently, they've been sneaking onto the planes when no one is looking and making them comfortable.
In Washington State, authorities say a woman ran a prostitution ring out of a coffee stand. Police grew suspicious after they noticed she was selling something called the "20 minute latte."
It’s been reported that since leaving the White House the Clintons have made over $100 million dollars in speaking fees.  Apparently, they’ll speak to anyone but each other.
A man in Colorado wants marijuana to be classified as a vegetable. I just have to say... that is an ingenious way to get Americans to stop smoking pot.
Yesterday, the Gap opened its first store in China. And today, 60 million Chinese workers showed up wearing the same khakis.
The FBI reports that American universities are being infiltrated by foreign spies. They say everyone should be on the lookout for any student who's paying attention and taking notes.
Today in the World Cup, Mexico played Brazil. I was torn because I love Mexican food, but I also just got a Brazilian.
Pope Francis was in Latin America over the weekend and he called it a "moral responsibility" for everyone to fight climate change. Or as Fox News reported it, "Hispanic Guy In Dress Wants to Take Away Your SUV."
This week, ABC news did a big report on "ginger abuse," a form of bullying directed at people with red hair.  Unfortunately, I missed it because my cameramen were giving me a wedgie.
Over the weekend, Snooki gave birth to a baby boy, named Lorenzo. Snooki says the strangest part is that, for the first time, she actually knows the name of the guy sucking her breasts.
A finalist for Miss Universe Canada was disqualified because she was born male.  Judges became suspicious when she listed her talent as "hiding her penis."
Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi gave a rambling speech today that lasted nearly three hours.  So at least now we know where all of Charlie Sheen's coke went.
A new study shows that posting on Facebook is as enjoyable as sex. The study was conducted by people who are either really bad at sex or way too good at Facebook.
The San Antonio Spurs have made history by becoming the first team in the NBA to hire a female assistant coach. She’s the first woman to get close to that many NBA players without being a Kardashian.
Parents are naming their children after Apple products. Take it from me – It's not a good idea to name your kids after gadgets, just ask my son, Zune.
Due to the government spying scandal, sales of the classic George Orwell’s book 1984 have skyrocketed. So the fallout from the scandal is worse than we thought: it’s making Americans read!
Over the weekend, Sarah Palin has gone from "really interested" to "seriously interested" in considering a presidential run. And the American public has gone from "not interested" to "seriously not interested."
The man who created Doritos passed away at the age of 97. The funeral will be cool ranch style.
This week is "International Clitoris Awareness Week." Like most men, I was unaware this week even existed.
Marco Rubio has released his tax returns, and it shows how much of his income was from book deals. Most of the money came from his autobiography, "Diary of a Wimpy Kid."
President Trump held a Cabinet meeting today in which each Cabinet member took turns praising the President. After hearing this, Kim Jong-Un said, "Man, even I’m not that insecure."
In a new interview, Scarlett Johansson says she hates her nickname "ScarJo." However, she really really hates her other nickname, "Chesty McHotVoice."
Angelina Jolie met with Pope Francis. Long story short, she adopted him. She had everything but a Pope, now she’s all set.
One of the passengers on board that cruise ship with the raw sewage had to be airlifted off the boat.  Apparently he came down with a bad case of "There's shit-everywhere-itis."
Pope Francis has released his U.S. tour schedule. His first stop… Bonnaroo.
President Obama is winning the election, according to an informal poll conducted by 7/11. However, the findings are being hotly contested by analysts from The Cheesecake Factory.
Charlie Sheen applied to trademark 22 of his new catchphrases, including "Duh, Winning," "Tiger Blood," and "Adonis DNA."  Unfortunately for Charlie, "Adonis DNA" was already trademarked…by my mother on the day I was born.
Today is the Chinese New Year—it's the Year of the Dragon.  That means any baby born in China this year will be making iPhones by next November.
The man who created a popular brand of sex doll is working on a new model that can talk. He’s being accused of "Not understanding the main appeal of a sex doll."
So far Donald Trump’s cabinet picks have a net worth of over 14 billion dollars. So hopefully, Trump’s plan to balance the budget involves calling a meeting and then just passing the hat around.
Despite all the problems they’re having in Sochi, visitors have reported that at least the internet is good. They’ve been using it to download hot, sexy pictures of working toilets.
In a new campaign ad, the Obamas say that, on their first date, they saw Spike Lee's "Do the Right Thing." Meanwhile, on Mitt and Ann Romney's first date, they saw a guy who looked like Spike Lee and immediately called the police.
MGM says that the next James Bond movie almost didn't get made because the economy is so bad.  Which explains the newest Bond villain: Cash4Goldfinger.
According to a new survey, 80% of women say that longer lasting sex does not result in better orgasms. Isn’t that amazing? When they heard, 80% of men said, "phew."
There are new rumors of a Kanye West sex tape. The image is blurry but you can tell it's Kanye because he keeps moaning his own name.
Why are people so impressed by wine cellars but so saddened by my Jagermeister crawlspace?
According to a medical journal, a 22 year old woman has a nipple on the bottom of her foot.  In fact, she recently filed groping charges against the guy at Payless.
Earlier today, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took questions on Facebook.  Then afterwards, Bill Clinton showed her how to erase her browser history. 
Today, Donald Trump said that when he asked Russia to hack Hillary Clinton’s emails he was being “sarcastic.” Which makes sense— if anyone understands comedy, it’s the Russians.
In an interview with Oprah, swimmer Diana Nyad said she doesn’t believe in God, and Oprah refused to believe her. Oprah said, "How can you not believe in God? I‘m right here."
The NFL announced the referees will crack down this year on excessive celebrations.  Players are being told not to show off too much after a touchdown, a sack, or a murder.
There were other interesting moments in last night's Republican debate.  There was a very awkward moment when Herman Cain turned to Michele Bachmann and asked her what she was willing to do to get the job.
Yesterday, yet another person jumped the White House fence. On the bright side, at least Michelle Obama’s finally getting more Americans to exercise.
At a mini-reunion of the Brady Bunch cast, Barry Williams who played Greg Brady sang "The Real Slim Shady." You can read all about it by Googling the word "sad."
Tesla has debuted a new car which is equipped with a device that instantly clears the air of toxins. Basically, you activate it when you’re driving behind a Volkswagen.
Yesterday Mark Zuckerberg demonstrated how Facebook's new search engine can help single people find other singles. Then someone had to explain to Zuckerberg, Facebook is not for finding new partners, it's for stalking old ones.
Today in Indiana, Ted Cruz called Donald Trump "a pathological liar," "a narcissist," "utterly immoral," and "a serial philanderer." Then Cruz turned to Trump and said, "Teach me, Master!"
A new international poll finds the least popular country in the world is Iran.  After hearing this, North Korea said, "What do we have to do?"
Today Sarah Palin ended her bus tour, reportedly canceling events in Iowa, South Carolina and New Hampshire.  When asked why, Palin said, "It turns out those places are nowhere near each other." 
At the White House the other day, President Obama sang to Usher. And because the president was singing, Usher went to the Situation Room and approved a drone strike in Syria.
The Chilean Miners could be released this weekend… just in time to see Michael Bolton sing on "Dancing With The Stars."  Guys, what’s an extra day?
This past weekend, California had its first medical marijuana job fair.  Over 2 million people meant to show up. 
While he was here, the Pope gave a speech to Congress and he spoke to inmates at a prison. The Pope forgave the criminals for the pain they’ve caused society and also forgave the inmates.
After Mass yesterday, Pope Francis posed for selfies. It’s sad because he's still doing "duck face."
Experts say there's a rising trend of Hooters-style restaurants in the United States, or as they're officially known, "Breastaraunts." Can you believe people called them "Breastaraunts"— I prefer the more dignified term, "Gazongaterias."
The FOX network is reportedly considering giving Charlie Sheen his own talk show.  Charlie's talk show would be the only one with a 30-hour monologue.
There were marches across all seven continents, including Antarctica. To be fair to Trump, the protest in Antarctica was just the March of the Penguins.
Due to a new law requiring adult film stars to wear condoms, the porn industry has started to leave Los Angeles. You can tell the porn stars are planning to move because they've been posting ads on Craigslist for "extremely used futons."
Experts say one of the biggest threats facing Donald Trump’s presidency could be North Korea. Evidently, Kim Jong-Un is so incompetent and unstable, they’re worried Trump will give him a Cabinet post.
This year, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un has reportedly had 15 of his top officials executed. So the lesson here is, when Kim Jong-Un comes into work with a new haircut, you tell him, "Lookin’ good, Un!"
A man in South Carolina has been arrested for indecent exposure during a screening of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows."  The man was arrested after Harry Potter fans realized, "Hey, that's not a wand."
Tonight PBS is airing a show that explores the sex lives of kangaroos. The show is called, "That’s Not My Pouch."
So embarrassed - my wife walked in while I was watching that video on how McRibs are made.
I was shocked that Trump was leading in the polls until I saw footage from a monster truck rally.
Bill Cosby has hired a woman to be his lead attorney. She says she doesn’t know how she got the job, she just woke up and there it was.
Iran is celebrating the nuclear deal with the US. Iranians are going crazy, they’re drinking non-alcoholic champagne and thinking about dancing.
A new ad from the Obama campaign claims that Mitt Romney is out of touch when it comes to women's issues. Today, Mitt Romney said, "I'm not out of touch with women's issues— just ask my wife, Mrs. Mitt Romney."
A woman on a Southwest Airlines flight gave birth to a baby. As soon as he was born on the Southwest flight, the newborn baby said, "I had more legroom in the womb."
At a Denver airport, a woman was detained after she stripped naked while going through airport security.  The woman is either crazy or from 10 years in the future.
At a lunch for Oscar nominees, actor James Franco said that filming the movie "127 Hours" caused him "extreme physical pain."  Then the guy who the movie is based on raised his hook and said, "Really?"
There’s talk of including video gamers in future Olympics. Olympic gamers would be treated like all other athletes, except they’d be tested for "performance-enhancing ramen."
An American astronaut has broken the US record for most days in space - 383 days. When NASA scientists heard this, they said, "Oh sh** - we forgot about Earl!"
Last week, a YouTube prankster had his friends cement his head into a microwave oven to make a mold of his features. Unfortunately, he’s going to be ok.
Lawmakers in Hawaii passed a new law called "The Steven Tyler Act." Basically, the law gives men the right to gradually morph into old women.
Scott Walker, the Republican Presidential candidate who’s famous for riding a Harley, is dropping out of the race. Walker made the decision when he realized all of his supporters could fit on his Harley.
At 93 years and 167 days old, President George H.W. Bush is now the longest living president in US history. After hearing this, Melania Trump said, "Please God, don’t tell me they all live that long."
Tomorrow is Election Day— it's the day that you decide whether, for the next four years we make jokes about President Mitt Romney or jokes about Former Governor Mitt Romney.
Someone has come out with a new smart bra that vibrates to tell women about posture and breathing. It also sounds an alarm if Bill O’Reilly walks in the room.
People are anxiously awaiting the birth of Prince William and Kate Middleton’s baby. I was in South Central LA today, and everyone is on pins and needles.
Some conservative columnists are saying that last night's debate moderator Brian Williams projected "a liberal bias."  For example, Williams introduced the candidates by saying, "Please welcome, eight douchebags." 
It's being reported that when President Obama met SEAL Team 6, he didn't ask which one of them shot Bin Laden. The President says he just assumed it was the guy wearing the T-shirt that said, "Guess what bitches - I shot bin Laden!"
A woman in Burbankwas arrested after offering a McDonald's employee sexual favors in exchange for Chicken McNuggets.  Now, ladies and gentlemen, in my experience when it comes to sex and chicken, you don't want either one to cost only a dollar.
U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly is about to return to Earth after spending an entire year in space. Then he saw Donald Trump’s poll numbers and said, "You know, I’m good up here."
In Brazil this weekend, Justin Bieber spent three hours at a brothel with prostitutes. Or as he calls them, "paid Beliebers."
Last night, a toilet flooded the lobby where the Oscars were being held. So, the show won an Oscar for "Best Portrayal of a Carnival Cruise."
Michigan State has a new course on surviving a zombie apocalypse. I think it’s a trap because the prerequisites are English 101 & Brrrains.
The makers of Crocs have come out with a special high-fashion pair that sells for $850. Crocs said the upscale sandals are the perfect shoe for wealthy men who are tired of getting laid.
The FBI is demanding the right to check a person’s browser history without a search warrant. The request is being protested by a fringe organization known as "men."
On her last show yesterday, Oprah Winfrey gave the audience her personal email address and told them to "keep in touch."  Then she added in, "Just please – nobody give that to Dr. Phil."
A third man has accused the Elmo puppeteer of engaging in underage sex. Which explains why this Christmas, Sesame Street's is replacing "Tickle Me Elmo" with "May I see some ID, Elmo?"
Sarah Palin gave a confusing speech that a conservative magazine described as "meandering and bizarre." When asked for comment, Sarah Palin said, "True not. Fancy butter. Freedom. Me go."
In Australia, scientists discovered a lake that hasn’t been affected by climate change or any other man-made influences and they’re calling it “God’s Bathtub.” Then today, someone peed in it.
A new study claims that men often become aroused by the smell of pumpkin pie. This study was published in "Things to Say When You're Caught with Your Penis in a Pie" Magazine.
I used to be a nervous flyer, but I stumbled upon a trick that always keeps me calm - continuous screaming.
Some experts say President Obama's campaign may come down to the Jewish voters in Florida. Which explains why today Obama announced his new running mate, Barbara Streisand.
According to a recent poll, the #1 travel destination for closeted gay men is Chicago. This is due to Chicago’s new tourism slogan, “We Don’t Care What Kind of Sausage You’re Into.”
Hillary Clinton was endorsed by the President of France. When she heard this, Hillary said, "Shut up, I’m trying to win this thing."
In New York, a soccer mom has been charged with running a brothel. Police became suspicious when they saw a minivan whose bumper sticker read, "My Whore is An Honors Student at Deerfield High."
The United States…….. is………ranked………….9th ………in the……….world for…………………… Internet speed.
True story, our office holiday party is tonight. Just like last year, I’m going to get drunk, make a fool of myself and then, go to the office holiday party.
The city of Detroit says it has come up with a plan that could finally get it out of bankruptcy. The plan involves Detroit getting on a bus and moving back in with its parents in Ohio.
Yesterday, Jessica Simpson tweeted a picture of herself sitting on the toilet. The tweet was aimed at critics who say Simpson hasn't produced anything in months.
Engineers at UC Riverside have created a lithium-ion battery using Portobello mushrooms. They came up with the idea while using a different kind of mushroom.
This week is Nicolas Cage’s 50th birthday. Cage’s friends handed him a birthday card, and without reading it, Cage immediately said, "OK, I’ll be in the movie."
The fast food chain Sonic is now offering a 1700 calorie Peanut Butter Bacon milkshake.  Which explains Sonic's new slogan, "Tell My Wife I loved her." 
The U.S. government is now just a few days away from running out of money to pay its bills.  Congress' latest plan is to see how much cash they can get for John McCain on "Antiques Roadshow."
Oxford University has conducted a study to find out where people are most uncomfortable being touched. Turns out it’s "in a lab at Oxford University."
A woman in Florida has been arrested for stealing $100,000 from Disney World. That’s right - she stole two admission tickets.
There is a new web video that tells the story of the baby Jesus and what it would have been like if there was Facebook back then.  For instance, Joseph describes his relationship with the Virgin Mary as "It's complicated."
An expert says sex with robots will be the norm in 50 years. So ladies and gentlemen once again, Conan O’Brien is ahead of his time.
According to a new survey, roughly a quarter of drivers reported using Facebook while driving. This explains the hottest new thing being posted on Facebook: "Last selfies."
The creators of "Angry Birds" will soon release a line of luxury jewelry based on the characters in the game.  After all, what woman doesn't want to be told "Honey, I saw this string of dirty pigs and thought of you."
The Winklevoss twins have lost an appeal to sue Mark Zuckerberg for more money.  So now they're suing Jesse Eisenberg.
This weekend, the nation's airports were filled with people protesting President Trump's Muslim ban. It was the largest collection of angry people at an airport since every United Airlines flight.
The government may be legally required to release the video of Osama bin Laden's killing. President Obama said this would be, "Unhelpful, inflammatory, and could you please release it two days before the election?"
Yahoo reports that among its top searches of the year are Minecraft and the Kardashian family. Both of them were searched under the phrase, "Two-dimensional brightly-colored tools."
A friend of Donald Trump’s said that Trump dangled the office of Secretary of State to Mitt Romney to "torture him." You can watch the whole thing in the new series, "White Billionaire Pranks."
On a recent worldwide math test, American teenagers ranked 25th out of 34 countries. When they heard they were 25th out of 34, American teenagers said, "Whoa whoa whoa – what's with all the numbers?"
A company is trying to fund a new endeavor known as "Uber for kids." So parents will soon be teaching their kids that they shouldn’t talk to strangers, but they should get into a car with them.
They say the Verizon guy switched to Sprint but if you watch the commercial he mouths the words: "Verizon, I’m sorry, they have my family."
Bruce Jenner will be getting his own reality show. Unfortunately, as a woman, Jenner will only be making 70% of what he made on his last reality show.
Motorola is now making the first smartphone that’s not made overseas, but in Texas. It’s the first smartphone that doubles as a handgun.
During last night's debate, President Obama told Mitt Romney, "The 1980's called and they want their foreign policy back." Mitt Romney then tried to deliver a comeback, but then his beeper went off.
Is it weird that all my “Sons of Anarchy” fan fiction ends with everyone getting along really well?
A lock of Justin Bieber's hair sold on eBay today for over $40,000. Now here's my question—do you think I should frame it or make it into a bracelet?
Yesterday, Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum and Mitt Romney all said that if they were elected President, they would eliminate porn. In a related story, President Obama has already been re-elected. "Yes We Can!"
All that talk of swimmers peeing in the pool makes me want to be the first leg of the relay.
I had the craziest dream last night. I dreamt the Republicans managed to pass a piece of legislation.
The NBA playoffs are underway. Or as the Lakers call it, "time to golf."
Recently, Herman Cain got the crowd going when he was introduced as "The Hermanator." Then Jon Huntsman got the crowd going when he was introduced as "Not Jon Huntsman." 
Rob Ford, the mayor of Toronto who was recently caught smoking crack, has been uninvited to the city’s Christmas parade.  Ford said, "Too bad, I was going to bring the best snow." 
President Trump endorsed Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, despite the fact that Moore has been accused of molesting minors. When asked why he endorsed Moore, Trump said, "Us gross guys gotta stick together."
I came in second to Lady Gaga in the Artist's category of the Time 100. Once again, I'm penalized for not wearing a bra that shoots fire.
Police were called when one of the Octomom's kids went missing, but when they arrived they found him at home.  Octomom apologized and said, "Sorry, he slipped back into my uterus when I wasn't looking."
In Greece, 20,000 angry protesters filled the streets and threw yogurt at the police. All I can say is, thank god the police stopped that crazy mob before they got down to the "fruit layer."
Four sponsors have now dropped Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte. On the bright side, he just signed a huge deal with Bob’s Urinal Cakes.
Starbucks is starting to serve beer and wine. It’s part of their mission, "Always finding new ways to make you pee."
Yesterday, President Obama drank tap water in Flint, Michigan to show it was safe. Then he was offered a Chipotle burrito and he said, "Are you batshit crazy?"
While campaigning in New Hampshire, Jeb Bush said that Marco Rubio has never been challenged in his life. Then Jeb told the shocking story about the time his father put him in charge of his own trust fund.
Standard & Poor's lowered the US' credit rating for the first time ever. We're now a double A, which means no one will loan us money or go to second base with us.
Chris Christie said if one of his children were gay, he would "hug them and tell them I love them."  Of course, Christie said the same thing about the Keebler Elves. 
When I really need a good laugh, I just imagine Edward Scissorhands attempting to eat crab legs.
It's been reported that in high school, Kim Jong Un starred in a production of the musical "Grease." That's also where Kim met his first wife Olivia Newton Jong.
Lindsay Lohan is going to be making her stage debut in London. Lohan is looking forward to England, because she already drives on the wrong side of the road. 
It's being reported that the US was able to find and kill Osama bin Laden because of a tip from one of his wives. Experts say that when she saw pictures of bin Laden's body—she pumped her fist in the air and said, "NOW who can't drive the car???"
A new study found that the number one celebrity Americans would like to have a holiday meal with is Jennifer Aniston.  And the celebrity who came in last place: Chef Boyardee.
In a speech today, President Obama said that Michelle Obama is "very strong and talented" and she "frequently" tells him that he is wrong. As a result, Michelle Obama is now the Republican frontrunner for 2016.
A man who gave up masturbation for 700 days claims it gave him sharper focus and more energy. Then someone explained to him, "It was only one day, it just felt like 700."
While speaking at an evangelical university, Donald Trump misquoted the Bible, saying "two Corinthians" instead of "Second Corinthians." And, several times, instead of saying "God" he said "Donald Trump."
Republicans in Congress are pushing President Obama to cut the Federal Government's yearly subsidy to Amtrak. So far the most effective way they've suggested to keep Amtrak from getting that money is to send it there on Amtrak.
The Country Music Awards took place tonight. So for the second night in a row, the big winners were all white guys in cowboy hats.
The news is currently that spinning image of a newspaper, but it never stops spinning.
Last night, Michelle Obama said the first car Barack picked her up in was so old you could see the ground below them.  Then today, Ann Romney said the same thing about Mitt's first helicopter.
North Korea is creating its own time zone - it’s going to push the country’s time back a half hour. It’s not bad enough that they don’t have food, they’re ruled by an insane dictator, now they have to wait until 8 o’clock to watch "Wheel of Fortune."
Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi said the people protesting against him are under the influence of "hallucination pills."  In a related story, ten minutes ago, Charlie Sheen boarded a plane for Libya.
Hurricane Isaac did not make a direct hit on New Orleans but passed by it without much harm. Even better news— While passing by New Orleans, it flashed its boobs.
Last night, CBS Anchor Scott Pelley began the evening news by saying President Trump is "divorced from reality." After hearing this, Trump said, "Oh, great, now I have to start paying reality?"
Donald Trump is in a Twitter feud with this Mexican drug lord. It’s historic; it’s the first time Americans have ever sided with a Mexican drug lord.
In an interview yesterday, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said football players give up their right to free speech when they’re on the field. You know what I’d like to see? I’d like to see Steve Mnuchin say that to an actual football player.
Michigan has put forth a plan to give visas to immigrants, if they promise to spend five years living in Detroit. When they heard, immigrants from dozens of impoverished war-torn countries said, "We’re good."
Amazon has just dropped "girl" and "boy" from describing children’s toys. The toys are now all under one category, "Crap Made In China."
Over the weekend, Bernie Sanders' press secretary left his campaign. Bernie said, "Now it’s just me and my podiatrist."
Recently at the White House, President Obama admitted that he is a Trekkie.  Although Trekkies say he doesn't qualify because he has a wife and a job.
Republicans want to eliminate many of the restrictions of the Endangered Species Act. That’s bad news for animals, but great news for fans of Carl’s Jr.’s California Condor Burger.
Plans are being made for a big birthday party next month for Chris Christie. The fun part is when they surprise Christie by having a cake burst out of a stripper.
"Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling has revealed the title of her first novel for adults.  It's called "Harry Potter & the 30 Year Adjustable Rate Mortgage."
Rush Limbaugh, whose show is headquartered in Florida, said the government is hyping Hurricane Matthew to "sell" climate change. Limbaugh was unable to finish his comments because he was suddenly under 200 feet of seawater.
Time Magazine picked their Person of the Year and they chose German Chancellor Angela Merkel over Donald Trump - Donald Trump tweeted that he knew Time Magazine wouldn’t choose him and that they picked "the person who was ruining Germany." Then Trump said, "Germany hasn’t had a great leader since the 1940's."
Even though I'm from Boston I feel right at home in the South. You see Boston's also full of people with thick accents who hate the Yankees.
Yesterday, Chaz Bono was spotted on the set of "Dancing with the Stars" without his shirt on.  There were no survivors.
In Mississippi, a child disrupted a news station’s live weather report and the kid forecasted "farts everywhere." So congratulations to Trump’s new Head of the National Weather Service.
In a new interview, First Lady Michelle Obama said she might consider getting plastic surgery. The First Lady said, "If Barack’s popularity keeps dropping, I do not want to be recognized."
Vice President Mike Pence’s wife, Karen, has set up a hive of 15,000 bees at their residence. Meanwhile, Mike Pence said he won’t be alone with the queen bee without a chaperone.
Several former contestants from the show "The Biggest Loser" are suing the show for abuse. The contestants said "We were completely unprepared for being mistreated when we signed up to be on a show called 'The Biggest Loser.'"
Last night, The Spice Girls musical debuted in London. So, it turns out the Mayans were off by just a few weeks.
Paula Deen claims she has gotten support from Rev. Jesse Jackson. But then Deen corrected herself and said, “Or maybe it was the mailman -- I don’t know, they all look the same.”
Today, Former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson announced his candidacy for the GOP presidential nomination.  Because when the other candidates aren't generating enough excitement, it's time to bring in Gary Johnson.
A new study claims that doctors cut babies’ umbilical cords too quickly. The study says if you wait to cut the cord until they're 18, you can save a lot of money on groceries.
Political analysts are saying that Mitt Romney is having trouble generating enthusiasm among Iowa voters.  You know you have a problem when people in Iowa find you dull. You lack that Iowa sizzle.
A new survey found that Chipotle is one of the most popular locations to take a first date. It’s also one of the most popular locations to break up if he’s still taking you to Chipotle after the fourth date.
I can’t watch Jeopardy now that I know Alex Trebek sleeps in the nude. It’s the same reason I can’t watch those Barbara Walters specials.
A new article just came out and it states that millennials have terrible conversational skills. When asked for comment, millennials texted a series of crying frownie faces.
The big winner at last night’s Emmys was "The Handmaid’s Tale," that’s a show about a repressive society where women have no rights. It won Best Writing, Best Drama, and Best Mike Pence Fantasy.
At a Donald Trump rally the other night, a supporter shouted out the Nazi salute "Sieg Heil!" Trump immediately responded, "There is no place for that here - save it for my inauguration."
Before we get started I just have to ask, how many of you are here to see the show, and how many of you were lured here by a Pokémon character?
The Census Bureau reports that the number of interracial couples has increased over 40% since 2000. The most common couplings are "black and white," "white and Hispanic," and "NBA player and Kardashian."
In a speech yesterday, presidential hopeful Jeb Bush said that he is living the "immigrant experience." Jeb was unable to finish his remarks because just then he jumped into the back of a truck to go build a guy’s deck.
Today is Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year.  By the way, Rosh Hashanah is Hebrew for "I have no writers today."
Jenny McCarthy is on her seventh nude spread. Wow, I’ve only done five.
Starting in March, Playboy is going to be available on the iPad. It's perfect for the guy who prefers to masturbate in a crowded coffee shop.
Here in California, a white supremacist has resigned from being a Donald Trump delegate. When asked why, the white supremacist said "Because that guy's crazy."
A new report suggests that soon, gasoline will be cheaper than water. And, in Flint, Michigan, it will be healthier than water.
In a new interview, Simon Cowell said that he does "several hundred push-ups a day." To be fair, he doesn't go all the way down- just to where his boobs hit the floor.
A new report on government waste includes $350,000 to study massages for rabbits. And you guessed it, every single rabbit massage comes with a "Hoppy Ending."
In a new interview, Angelina Jolie said she wouldn't rule out running for office someday. Jolie said she’ll wait until her children are grown up and make up 51% of the voting population.
In Nevada, where prostitution is legal, prostitutes are signing up for Obamacare. Which explains why the most popular pickup line for johns in Nevada is, "Let me help you with your co-pay."
Has TV advertising gone too far? I’ll be discussing it on tonight’s CONAN with my guests, the Geico lizard and Zappos.com.
The mayor of Washington, DC, says he wants the Washington Redskins to change their name to something less offensive.  So they are changing it to the Maryland Redskins. 
There is now an app that will choose something random for you to watch on Netflix. The app is called "Your Girlfriend."
Facebook announced that they are developing a phone. In a related story, MySpace announced that they're developing a fax machine.
Yesterday, Matt Lauer jokingly blamed Bob Costas’ eye infection on Russian President Vladimir Putin. And today, police are wondering, "Where in the world is Matt Lauer?"
Yesterday, Ted Cruz dropped out of the race. When Donald Trump heard that Cruz had dropped out, Trump told his supporters, "See? I’ve already kept one Hispanic from taking an American’s job."
Legendary astronaut Buzz Aldrin is now single. He's been going to a lot of bars and asking ladies if they want to take one giant leap onto his mankind.
Regis Philbin is retiring this week and today Vice President Biden stopped by and gave Regis a gift of a bag full of tennis balls. Hey, do me a favor—when I retire, don't tell Joe Biden.
Since President Obama took office, the Democratic Party has lost 9 governorships, 56 members of Congress and 2 Senate seats.  In his defense, Obama said, "I did promise ‘change.'
It’s been reported that Bruce Jenner has undergone surgery to decrease the size of his Adam’s Apple. Jenner said, "Hey – It worked for Khloe."
Scam artists are trying to take advantage of the problems with the Obamacare website. Experts say you can tell it’s a scam site if you enter your information, and it quickly and efficiently signs you up for health care.
Netflix announced it will be raising its price for previous discount subscribers. Not only that, Netflix will add a $5 supercharge for every time you "Chill."
James Franco and his girlfriend of 5 years have broken up. Even worse, Franco told the girl he'd only been dating her as part of a 5-year performance art piece.
Five workers at Disneyland have been diagnosed with the measles. Not only that, but nine of the Pirates of the Caribbean tested positive for scurvy.
Lindsay Lohan has turned down an offer to appear on "Dancing with the Stars."  Lohan said, "If I want to see the stars, I'll crash into a telephone pole."
Today, possible Presidential Candidate Donald Trump released his birth certificate.  Trump's birth certificate lists his eyes as "blue" and his hair as "ridiculous."
A new study found that government employees are the happiest workers. The study was conducted NOT at the DMV.
It's true the new "Star Wars" makes you feel like a 10-year-old kid again. I had to rush out of a screening to go home and wet the bed.
In an interview with Oprah Winfrey, Kim Kardashian revealed that she lost her virginity when she was 14 years old. Kim said, "I'm soooo glad I waited."
The NAACP Image Award Nominations were just announced, and the leader among all cable networks was our new home, TBS.  All I want to say is, TBS, you're welcome.
Many people are criticizing the new Airbnb logo for resembling a vagina. It doesn’t help that Airbnb’s new slogan is, "Want a warm place to stay?"
Political analysts say that the Republican leaders are paralyzed over what to do about Donald Trump. Upon hearing that they were paralyzed, Donald Trump immediately started making fun of them.
A new poll came out and it claims that 25% of voters remain undecided. Apparently, they’re undecided on whether to move to Canada or Mexico.
Pizza Hut has unveiled their newest pizza: pizza with a crust made out of cream-cheese-filled cones.  They're calling it the Autopsy Lovers Pizzas.
In a recent interview, President Obama said "I miss being anonymous."  He says, "In the old days, I could blend in with all the other Hawaiian Barack Hussein Obamas."
I picked M.I.T. in my NCAA pool. Their robots are unstoppable.
In her new book, Hillary Clinton calls Donald Trump a "creep" who "made her skin crawl." When he heard, Trump smiled and said, "I still got it."
JC Penney has removed Wi-Fi from their stores – they expect it to save them $7 million this year. JC Penney said they plan to save even more money next year when they go out of business.
Analysts are saying that Donald Trump has not read his new healthcare plan and he has actually spent no time getting familiar with it. Their first hint was when he called it "Melania."
I hope North Korean hackers don't release the embarrassing emails I sent to Andy, slavishly praising our new boss Kevin Reilly.
It was reported that Charlie Sheen will not be going to a rehab facility, he'll be rehabbing from home.  Charlie made the decision after consulting with a stripper dressed like a doctor.
A company has come out with a robot that makes salad. So finally - a robot that’s not going to take away any American jobs!
In Sochi, a snowboarder who wrote his number on his helmet got so many naked pictures that his phone broke. In a related story, Bill Clinton just took up snowboarding.
Mitt Romney is now trying to deflect talk of his wealth by describing his grandfather's humble origins.  Apparently, Mitt's grandfather came to this country with nothing but the shirt on his back and the dog on his roof.
A new law in Utah makes it illegal for a person to publicly touch their own genitals.  In other words, Utah is never getting a major league baseball team. 
The mayor of a Serbian village created a panic when he announced that a vampire was on the loose. People were running around in a panic screaming, "Our mayor is an idiot."
According to a new poll that just came out, one out of five single guys say they’d rather have a new iPhone than a girlfriend. The other four said they’ll take either one, as long as they get to swap it for a thinner version every six months.
A vodka company is in a lot of trouble because their billboard features the holiday slogan, "Christmas quality, Hanukkah pricing." However, it's still less controversial than last year's holiday vodka slogan, "Tastes like Ramadan!"
The Supreme Court has ruled that Samsung did not violate Apple’s patent on smartphone technology. The justices said, "It’s clear that Samsung came up with the idea of a phone bursting into flames all by themselves."
Tonight is Game 7 of the World Series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Houston Astros. Folks, the stakes are high, whoever wins gets to turn down an invitation to the White House.
Over the weekend, Beyoncé performed at a fundraiser for her daughter’s preschool. Five minutes into the performance, Beyoncé said, "Screw it," and just bought the preschool.
An Arizona senator wants to create a special holiday just for white people. We already have one called The Season Premiere of "Mad Men."
Yesterday, French actor Gerard Depardieu got drunk on a flight and stood and peed on the cabin floor.  A spokesperson for Air France said it was the fourth rudest thing someone did on that flight. 
It was reported today that there are 1,200 fringe candidates running for president. The fringe candidates include Deez Nuts, Mickey Mouse, and Senator Ted Cruz.
After winning the NBA Championship the Golden State Warriors unanimously decided to skip the traditional visit to the White House. After hearing this, Melania Trump said, "Wait, you can do that?"
In San Diego, a Girl Scout is in trouble for selling cookies outside a legal weed dispensary. However, the girl isn’t worried, because she is now worth $200 million.
The top 15 contenders for the Republican presidential nomination own at least 40 guns among them. In other words, if we elect a Republican president, nobody is hopping over the White House fence.
Today is Wednesday, or as General Petraeus calls it – Hump Day.
Just tried to make a Benedict Cumberbatch anagram and I now have a hernia.
It just struck me – Wolf Blitzer is just a serious-looking dandelion.
Professional race car driver Danica Patrick is dating again, after breaking up with her previous boyfriend, a NASCAR driver. When asked why that relationship didn’t work out, Patrick explained, "We were just going in circles."
Mitt Romney busted me for having hair envy. Imagine how jealous I'll be if Trump runs.
Jillian Michaels reportedly wants to leave "The Biggest Loser" saying it’s gotten too mean. In response, producers said, "This is a completely unfair and baseless accusation from a lying bitch."
Today, Kenya is holding elections for the first time since 2007. It's getting nasty – Each presidential candidate's accusing the other of being born in Kenya.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has apologized for his Hitler comments and admitted he "screwed up." I don’t think Spicer learned his lesson though, because he then said, "Even Hitler didn’t screw up as badly as I did."
It's been announced that this week, "Glee" will perform its version of Rebecca Black's "Friday."  Unless of course Team 6 gets there in time.
Jay-Z and Beyoncé named their baby daughter Blue Ivy. The couple chose that name because Jay-Z's favorite color is blue and Beyoncé is still high from painkillers.
Pope Francis is reportedly selling his Harley Davidson.  You can tell it’s the Pope’s motorcycle because the back of it reads, "Gas, Grass or Mass."
Medical researchers now say dogs can sniff out prostate cancer. So finally... now we know what they’re doing down there.
A report claims Apple has so much cash it can afford to give every American $556. Apple responded by saying, "Or we could release a slightly different iPhone, and everyone could give us $556."
A man scaled the White House fence and ran across the lawn to make it inside the White House. Is it just me, or is "The Amazing Race" running out of ideas?
At last night's GOP debate, some Tea Party members cheered at the idea of a sick, uninsured person being left to die. In fairness, the person in question was one of the moms from "Toddlers & Tiaras."
In Michigan, a Republican Congressman said that God would "take care of" climate change. So now, a group of polar bears are on their way to "take care of" a Republican Congressman in Michigan.
While in North Korea, Dennis Rodman claims to have met Kim Jong Un’s secret baby. Apparently, nobody has the heart to tell Rodman that the secret baby he met is actually Kim Jong Un.
Kim Kardashian rented out the Staples Center for Kanye West’s birthday and Kanye got to play a basketball game with friends, including Justin Bieber and 2 Chainz. They beat the Lakers in overtime.
Justin Bieber’s mom recently tweeted that she would like to have another child. Unless her demands are met.
One of the top people in a Mexican drug cartel is a woman who apparently looks exactly like Kim Kardashian. The only difference is the head of the drug cartel has a job and is less of a threat to America.
US Swimming star Ryan Lochte has sparked a controversy by wearing a grill designed by a rapper.  Not only that, Lochte times his races with a big clock around his neck.
There’s a new app that simulates a long-distance kiss from a loved one using a rubber mouth. It’s expected to sell well among "People Who Won’t Be Using It For That."
A new Justin Bieber doll hit stores this week.  It's 18 inches tall with no genitalia—still no word on what the doll is like.
In honor of Mother’s Day, President Obama called three moms. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton called 15 moms and he didn’t know it was Mother’s Day.
Representative Christopher Lee declined to comment about the Craigslist scandal, stating only, "I have to work this out with my wife."  The he posted an ad on Craigslist under, "Man Seeking Really Great Excuse."
Kim Kardashian said she might let her daughter, North, design clothes for her fashion line. I think North is up for it, because she already created a bib that says, "Get Me The Hell Out of Here." Please free me from these people.
Starbucks has just launched a home delivery service. It's perfect for anyone too lazy to walk one block in any direction.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West say they will have no more children. When asked why, they said, "All the really terrible names are taken."
Tonight, the San Francisco Giants could win the World Series. The San Francisco players have champagne on ice, and the San Francisco fans have set aside a very amusing Chardonnay.  
New data suggests that the first recorded instance of the F-word was in the 1300s. In fact the exact quote was, "I’ve got the plague? F***."
This week’s climate change talks are taking place in Poland and they’re going to focus on China, the world’s biggest polluter. However, that discussion may get awkward on Wednesday, when China buys Poland.
According to a report that just came out, during the recent blizzard, people spent a lot more time on dating apps. However, due to the low temperatures, no one was sending d*** pics.
Just three days after its launch, Apple sold more than two million iPhone 5s in China. So even in China, the best gifts are always the ones your kids make.
A new poll shows that President Obama is losing support among voters in Florida. Which explains why this morning, the president announced that he sent Team Six out to get Casey Anthony. 
It’s being reported that 19 out of the 31 apartment buildings in the Rio Olympic Village are not ready yet. Today, Rio organizers asked, "How does everybody feel about a 'Fall Olympics'?"
I’m #51 on Forbes “Celebrity 100.” To help you fully comprehend the enormity of my achievement, consider this: Judge Judy is only #72.
My Christmas present to all of you? I took a naked selfie and deleted it.
Doctors say there may be a link between colicky babies and migraines.  Apparently, colicky babies give you a migraine.
An organization that represents pole dancing is trying to get it recognized as an Olympic sport.  The biggest hurdle will be getting the Olympics to change their official anthem to “Cherry Pie.”
Bernie Sanders recently joined Snapchat. So in case you were wondering, you can get Snapchat on a rotary phone.
Nicki Minaj has now admitted she supports President Obama over Mitt Romney. Romney's not worried though, he still has the support of Lil' Wayne and Two Chainz.
Taco Bell is about to unveil a new slogan. The new slogan will be, "Think Outside the Bun, and Within Twenty Feet of a Toilet."
The emoticon just turned 30. I wish there were some way to express how little I care about this news.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's popularity has hit an all-time low at 31%. Berlusconi isn't aware of this, because he ignores anything that's over 18.
There's a new product that lets you consume caffeine by inhaling it. The product brings Starbucks one step closer to its ultimate dream: "Charging $9 for air."
After his Super Bowl half-time show, Bruno Mars had the #1 album on iTunes. Meanwhile, after their performance, the Red Hot Chili Peppers had the #1 brand of chest-waxing kits.
This week, the FDA approved the first artificial pancreas. When they heard, all the "Real Housewives" said, “I don’t care what it does - if it’s fake I want it in me."
The average ticket for tonight’s Dodgers-Astros World Series game is about 3,000 dollars. Isn’t that crazy? For that kind of money, you could see half of "Hamilton."
President Obama has said he has Jay-Z on his iPod.  In an effort to keep up, Mitt Romney said he downloaded Nickelback to his Zune.
Americans are expected to spend $370 million on pet costumes this Halloween. So, get ready to see a lot of slutty labradoodles.
It’s fun going through the Bible and highlighting all the “begats."
One upside to a Trump presidency is we’re going to be in great shape from all this marching.
It's been raining for 4 days here—I can tell most of my studio audience must be from out of town.  No one in Los Angeles leaves their home when it rains.
There’s a new trend of people using "Find My iPhone" to confront thieves who have stolen their iPhone. This explains the even newer app called, "Find My Stupid Friend Who Went After The Criminal Who Stole His iPhone."
As a prom night promotion, KFC is offering corsages made out of fried chicken.  But guys, be warned, if you give your date a chicken corsage, your prom night will definitely be boneless.
DC Comics has revealed that the Green Lantern is gay.  Of course, it's not a huge surprise considering he's the only superhero who gets his powers from his emerald jewelry.
World Cup Soccer in Brazil: come for the action, stay because you’ve been murdered.
I can’t wait to see Hamilton when it comes to Los Angeles, with Young MC.
The math skills of American students have dropped for the first time since 1990. Or as American math students put it, "Since eight years ago."
Ben and Jerry's has announced a new flavor based on a popular TV show. It's a nice idea, but I'm not sure people are going to want scoop of "Law & Order: Special Victims Yogurt."
A protester at Occupy Wall Street claims he lost his virginity at the protests. Unfortunately, he lost it to a giant papier-mâché banker puppet.
A new report came out that shows that Donald Trump’s charity once bought a football helmet autographed by Tim Tebow. That explains Trump’s first campaign slogan, "Make America a Garage Full of Worthless Sports Memorabilia."
A Republican Senator and a Democratic Senator are spending a week stuck together on a remote island for a new reality show called "Rival Survival." No one is rooting for either politician to survive.
Jeb Bush put up a Facebook post about possibly running for President and it was full of typos. After reading it, George W. Bush asked, "What typos?"
This Thursday, President Trump will be having dinner with the members of the Supreme Court. However, Mike Pence cannot attend because his wife won’t let him dine with that temptress Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
It's been reported that Beyoncé wore $10 million worth of jewels to the Grammys. When asked why, Beyoncé said, "I didn’t want to bring the good stuff."
A cleric in Iran is warning that an earthquake is on the way, and it's the fault of women who wear revealing clothes. So yet, another setback for the Tehran Hooters.
I love waking up to the sound of birds arguing with their spouses.
Mark Cuban, who is the star of "Shark Tank," is now thinking about running for president. Still no word from the Cake Boss.
Mark my words: on the last episode of “Game of Thrones,” we will finally get to see all the dragons naked.
A Christian college is suing the Obama Administration over its healthcare law. They're citing the part in the Bible where Jesus refuses to heal a leper because it's a preexisting condition.
The San Diego Mayor, who is accused of sexual harassment, is asking the city to cover his legal fees. When they refused, he said, “OK fine, come get the money… it’s right down here in my pants pocket…”
North Korea has announced that it will send a group of citizens called the "cheering squad" to next month’s Winter Olympics. And many of them are expected to actually compete in a new event called the "400 Meter Defection."
This week in New Orleans, a pastor was caught masturbating in public. Police are describing the incident as “Mardi Gras.”
A controversial 1,200 year-old document has been found that shows evidence that Jesus was married. I don’t believe it, what married guy gets to spend all his free time with his 12 buddies?
Yesterday, Tim Pawlenty announced he's dropping out of the race for president.   Pawlenty said he wanted to spend more time with his family because even they don't know who he is.
New reports claim that the iPhone 6 Plus is too big to fit in the front pockets of women’s jeans. And guys, if it easily fits in the front pocket of your jeans, you’ve got other problems.
Everyone is okay, but instead of sending his kid to school with his lunch, a man sent him to school with $18,000 worth of drugs and knives. The man is in jail, and his 3-year-old has cornered the cookies and juice market.
I've been practicing for this year's St. Patrick's Day. Every morning, I have my personal trainer punch me in the face.
Hawaii may ban the practice of swimming with dolphins. Or as the dolphins refer to it, "swimming with assholes."
This morning, all that was left of the Occupy Los Angeles camp site was trash, empty tents, and the smell of urine.  Then someone pointed out that wasn't Occupy Los Angeles, that was Gary Busey's house.
There's a new app that lets you get items at a 7-11 without using cash or a credit card.  The app is known as "a gun."
Yesterday, Mitt Romney won all five of the primaries.  You see, apparently, when you buy four primaries, you get the fifth for free.
Many people are going to the movie theaters to get out of the heat. In fact, here in LA nine people actually went to see the movie Warcraft.
Neurosurgeon and Tea Party favorite Ben Carson announced he’s running for president. As a neurosurgeon who’s also a member of the Tea Party, Carson’s specialty is removing the part of the brain that believes in climate change.
Yellowstone National Park is now considering introducing Wi-Fi throughout the entire park. The idea has been slammed by naturalists, but praised by horny bears with laptops.
In response to criticism of its treatment of killer whales, SeaWorld said it will build them a larger habitat. When asked for comment, killer whales said, "Hey, you know what’s a larger habitat - THE OCEAN!"
7-Eleven is going to open 100 eco-friendly stores in Japan. Of course in Japan – "eco-friendly" means "now with 20% less dead whale."
A study just came out that found that getting bullied by your brothers is more common than getting bullied at school. The study was conducted at my house in the '70s.
Kim Kardashian, who recently gave birth, just announced plans to eat the placenta. After hearing this, Khloe said, "Sorry, you should have labeled it before you put it in the fridge."
Amazon introduced its own smartphone. You can tell it’s from Amazon because after you hang up with someone, the Amazon phone suggests other people you may want to call.
The CIA is now saying that the Kremlin has multiple sexual recordings of Donald Trump. After hearing this, Trump smirked and said, "Yeah, all from the same night… #stamina."
Today, the US Women's Soccer team won the gold medal.  All of us in America are happy for the athletes and thrilled we don't have to watch soccer for four more years.
The creators of Fyre Festival, a luxury music festival that left attendees on an island without adequate food, water, shelter, or medical care, are all being sued for $100 million. If you want to attend the trial, tickets start at $5,000.
Last night, Esperanza Spalding won the Grammy for Best New Artist, and afterwards the details on her Wikipedia page were altered by angry Justin Bieber fans.  Specifically, her page now lists a "time of death."
Just saw my Thanksgiving turkey playing beach volleyball in Malibu.
Except for my tendency to screech at flying sparks, I would have made an excellent blacksmith.
Japanese researchers have successfully grown hair on a bald mouse. The researchers are ecstatic, and the mouse is relieved he doesn't have to keep wearing that stupid toupee.
Scientists now think that Neanderthals lived fast and died young.  So don't expect season 3 of "Jersey Shore."   
He's going to be okay, but in New York, a man fell down a 40-foot gorge trying to sneak into a Nickelback concert.  Doctors told the man, "It could have been worse, you could have made it into the concert."
During Ted Cruz’s 21-hour anti-Obamacare speech on the Senate floor, he read a Dr. Seuss book. Cruz said it’s the book he likes to read to kids when they’re in the hospital wasting our tax payers’ resources. 
Here’s something you never hear. "Guess we just gotta trust Russia."
In Los Angeles, you can now have pizza infused with marijuana delivered to your door. As a result, no one has heard from Los Angeles in three days.
"Watson," the supercomputer from "Jeopardy," is now working at an insurance company.  Unfortunately, Watson was just fired after repeatedly saying to a female co-worker, "What is ‘Your boobs and my face right now?'"
It's been announced that Twinkies will be back on the shelves sometime this summer.  So I gotta say this new Pope is already getting things done!
In Indiana, a 94-year-old woman has worked at McDonald’s for the past 44 years. And she’s almost finished paying off her student loans.
Last night, Donald Trump in his concession speech said he was going to buy a farm in Iowa. He said, "I’m going to get a farm, retire, and then set my hair free."
My neighbor is blasting his meditation music, but every time I go over to say something I’m filled with a deep sense of peace.
The Olive Garden has announced that it’s providing tablet computers at every table. Next up is an even more ambitious plan: Providing Italian food in every Olive Garden.
Today is Columbus Day. So if you’re an Italian American, it’s a day to celebrate your heritage, and if you’re a Native American, it’s just another reason to hate Mondays.
Kid Rock has officially announced his candidacy for the US Senate. Kid Rock says he wants to restore America back to a better time when it would have been unimaginable for Kid Rock to run for the US Senate.
Snoop Dogg was arrested after drug sniffing dogs smelled marijuana on his tour bus in Texas.  There must have been a lot of pot on the bus because the drug sniffing dogs were in Maine.
Don't mean to brag, but many women say I combine the power and presence of a Mr. Roper with the raw sexual energy of a Mr. Furley.
For Mother's Day, Hooters was giving away free wings to moms. And I swear, I didn't even know that when I took my mom there yesterday.
In his new book, former President George H.W. Bush defends his son George W. Bush.  The book is called, "Do You Know How Many Times We Dropped Him?"
It’s tough sharing a birthday with Kourtney Kardashian. Our friends never know which party to go to.
Researchers are developing a "stay-sober" pill that will prevent you from getting drunk off of alcohol. It's perfect for the drinker who wants all of the calories of alcohol, but none of the fun.
Authorities at the airport in Los Angeles intercepted an illegal shipment of 67 live giant African snails. It is being called the world’s slowest perp walk.
Critics are saying the new Star Wars film has strongly-written female characters. The most surprising of these is the new breakout character, "She-Bacca."
Donald Trump has stated he wants to make it easier to sue journalists. He also wants to use the Second Amendment to shoot the First Amendment.
Pope Francis has advised priests not to give boring sermons. Which is why the Vatican has just arranged for every priest to walk out to the song "Y’all Ready For This?"
According to a new report, STDs are on the rise among senior citizens. In part that's due to a particularly unsafe sex technique they enjoy, called the "Crusty Eisenhower."
It's coming out now that Donald Trump once called Ronald Reagan "a con man who couldn't deliver the goods." Trump also called Abraham Lincoln, "A bearded moron who couldn't even sit through an hour of theater."
The Democrats are in Charlotte. Wouldn’t you know it, Bill Clinton showed up in the wrong Charlotte.
A group of employees are suing the Olive Garden for violating federal labor laws. They're also suing for violating the dictionary's definition of "Italian."
I’m so curious as to who will be the 45th President and the 46th Republican Presidential Candidate.
This weekend in Oklahoma, authorities arrested a man for masturbating at a Wal-Mart. Now that’s what I call a greeter who’s REALLY glad to see you.
In a recent interview a professor from UC Berkley said we are on track for having the worst drought in 500 years.  Which explains why Larry King was overheard saying, "This again."
Thousands of marijuana advocates are expected to gather in Washington and Colorado to  celebrate April 20th – otherwise known as 4/20.  Heads up – Some of those people may be late.
In the United Kingdom, a man underwent 31 plastic surgeries to make himself look like a human Ken Doll. But correct me if I’m wrong, but to look like a Ken Doll, don’t you only have to have one surgery?
"Unbroken" was the original title for "The Human Centipede."
In an attempt to win over Wisconsin, Ted Cruz said, "To be honest, I like cheese on cheese." Of course when he was campaigning in Florida he said, "I like meth on meth."
In Texas, a woman was arrested after she left her newborn with a stranger so she could audition to be a stripper. She was charged with impersonating someone from Florida.
Two men climbed El Capitan using only their hands and feet. It’s like that time I walked to the bathroom without my slippers.
The hacker who leaked nude pictures of Scarlett Johansson was sentenced to ten years.  Yeah – ten years of awesomeness!
In South Africa, a black man received a penis transplant from a donor who was white. Friends describe the man as "grateful" and the man's girlfriend as "disappointed."
A new report says Mike Pence's wife thinks Donald Trump is "totally vile." Coincidentally, Donald Trump’s wife thinks Donald Trump is "totally vile."
The Las Vegas Strip has just opened its first medical marijuana dispensary. Which is why today the city changed its slogan to "What Happens in Vegas… Wait, What Just Happened In Vegas?"
Anthropologists now think that early humans may have given Neanderthals herpes. This happened during the Kardashazoic Period.
I never forget a name, Bro.
Ben Carson now holds a 14-point lead over Donald Trump in Iowa. Experts say Carson appeals to Iowa’s conservatives, Iowa’s Evangelicals, and both of Iowa’s black people.
A Catholic bishop from Massachusetts was arrested for drunk driving. He told the cop, "I'm a bishop, I'm supposed to move diagonally." 
Mitt Romney called the sexual harassment charges against Republican frontrunner Herman Cain "disturbing." Then he said, "And by ‘disturbing,' I mean ‘awesome.'"  
In Chile, authorities found more than 100 ecstasy pills that are shaped like the Minions characters hidden inside a child’s backpack. Police are now looking for the notorious Chilean drug kingpin, El Timmy.
After being drafted by the St. Louis Rams, Michael Sam celebrated by kissing his boyfriend. This is historic because it’s the first time anyone has celebrated being drafted by the St. Louis Rams.
The United Nations is calling on governments to provide broadband internet to half the world's poor by the year 2015. It's a noble project called, "Porn Without Borders."
McDonald's is now selling "Fish McBites,"- pieces of fried seafood. When asked how much actual fish is in a ‘Fish McBite,' a McDonald's spokesman said "I can't McHear you."
Google is planning to help launch satellites to beam free internet access around the world. They’re doing it in association with the global charity, "Porn Without Borders."
Oprah Winfrey announced plans to return to television in October with a new show. That's right, that's how bad things are in this country—even Oprah Winfrey has run out of money.
I possess an ennui that can be traced back to the day I pronounced it "ennu-ey" in front of a girl I was trying to impress.
On Friday, Donald Trump added more names to his list of potential candidates for the Supreme Court. So congratulations to Judge Judy and Dog the Bounty Hunter.
A South Korean film director has made the first ever fantasy movie filmed entirely on an iPhone.  He made the movie by going to see "Harry Potter" and holding up his iPhone.
It's was revealed that Mitt Romney's email address is mittromney@hotmail.com.  In other words, the guy who's trying so hard to prove he's in touch is still using Hotmail.
Analysts are now saying that Florida could be one of the biggest threats to Donald Trump’s campaign. In other words, Trump may be crazy, but he’s not Florida crazy.
Here in California over the weekend, a woman gave birth in a Barnes & Noble. Out of habit, the parents briefly looked over the newborn baby, then went home and bought a cheaper baby on Amazon.
In a new interview, Jerry Springer said he would want President Obama as a son. In response, Obama said, "Thanks but I’ll stick to not having a dad."
In a new end-of-the-year poll, Americans chose the word "whatever" as the most annoying word of 2010.  Especially when it's given in response to the question, "Doctor, will I ever walk again?"
My version of a celebrity roast is getting cut off in traffic by Wilmer Valderrama.
To celebrate the birthday of Kim Jong-il, North Korea held the biggest magic show ever. Things got out of control when the magician pulled a rabbit out of a hat and it was immediately eaten by 28 million people.
Yesterday for the first time ever, a man plunged 24 miles from the very top of the Earth's atmosphere. As a result, they've stopped serving liquor on the International Space Station.
Forecasters say El Niño should bring much-needed rain to California. Meanwhile, Donald Trump said if elected president he won’t let El Niño into the country.
Apple announced a plan to create 1,000 new jobs in Ireland. Irish people were excited, until Apple told them, "It’s a Genius Bar, not a Guinness Bar."
The author of the book "Fight Club" announced he’s coming out with a sequel. Unfortunately, he won’t talk about it.
Republican Senator Rand Paul said that this week he will introduce a GOP replacement plan for Obamacare. The new comprehensive health initiative will be called "Don’t Get Sick."
NASA's having a contest to let kids come up with the name for a newly discovered asteroid.  Well the kid's decided and earth's greatest astronomers are already now studying asteroid "Butt Muncher Beiber Fart." 
The other day in Australia, a wedding took place inside a Costco. Because it was Costco, the groom came home with 12 brides.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the US will have to regain her trust after the NSA eavesdropped on her cellphone. You know things are bad when we’re being accused of having "boundary issues" by Germany.
Some people are admitting that it’s weird to say, "President-Elect Trump." It’s especially weird for me because "President-Elect Trump" happens to be my safe word.
President Obama focused his State of the Union speech on how to bring prosperity back to America.  It basically involves all of us convincing Oprah Winfrey we're her half-sister.
In a new speech, Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton wants to move factories "overseas to Mexico." When told there’s no sea between here and Mexico, Trump said, "When I’m done with the environment there will be!"
In New Hampshire, a 95-year-old WWII veteran successfully defended himself against a mugger by hitting him with his cane. The veteran will now face Floyd Mayweather next Saturday on pay-per-view.
A conservative radio host told Donald Trump he reminds him of a 12-year-old playground bully. Trump responded by shoving the host and calling him a "gaywad."
Yesterday, someone hacked into Facebook and leaked Mark Zuckerberg's private photos. When Zuckerberg found out that someone showed such a blatant disregard for his privacy, he hired them.
Happy Chanukah— Chanukah lasts 8 days and 8 nights. However, If your Chanukah lasts longer than that, consult your doctor.
Last night at the MTV Movie Awards, Reese Witherspoon said, "It's possible to make it in Hollywood without doing a reality show."  Moments later, she was killed and eaten by Khloe Kardashian.
Trust me.  I'd love to stay but the strippers at the Clermont have a restraining order against the band.
Good news for Trump: Sammy Hagar and David Lee Roth have agreed to let him moderate their debate.
The Olympic torch has embarked on a seven-day trip to Russia. Then today, Vladimir Putin had it arrested because it’s flaming.
In India, a woman with two uteruses has given birth to twins.  The twins apparently aren't getting along because they're both used to having their own room.
The manager of Manchester United has banned his players from playing Pokémon Go. The Manchester United manager said, "I want my players thinking about soccer, not some fun game where interesting things happen."
According to a new poll, Donald Sterling has just passed Justin Bieber as the most hated man in America. When he heard this, Justin Bieber was thrilled that he’s finally being considered a man.
Children grow up so fast. One day they’re taking their first steps, the next they’re taken away after a judge rules you’re a negligent parent.
A study found that one minute of intense exercise may have the same physical benefits as 45 minutes of moderate exercise. So finally, a study that vindicates my wedding night, ladies and gentlemen.
Tomorrow is the New Hampshire primary and it’s also Mardi Gras. In other words, two occasions where thousands of people scream for boobs.
Thanks to Donald Trump, coal is coming back to our stockings.
Yesterday, Representative Barney Frank appeared on the floor of Congress wearing a t-shirt that showed his nipples. He started his speech with "Mr. Speaker, my eyes are up here…"
Terrific news—the world's most wanted man, Osama bin Laden, is dead. Which means now the official #1 threat to America is the KFC Double Down.
A man in Nevada recently became the first person to have headphones surgically implanted in his ears.  When asked why, the man said, “What?”
Sorry, my voice is a little shot. I blew it out last night at a One Direction concert.
Hillary Clinton is now driving from New York to Iowa. It’s being called "The Least Exciting Spring Break Trip in History."
A recent poll has revealed that 49 percent of Americans support the legalization of marijuana.  Another 23 percent would’ve supported it but they were too busy watching "Spongebob."
It was reported today that reading scores on the SATs have reached all-time low. Or as the headline put it, "SATs Be Most Baddest."
There is a push for American Pharoah to be named Sports Illustrated's "Sportsman of the Year." There’s also a much smaller push for American Pharoah to be featured in the next swimsuit issue.
The new female Viagra takes two weeks to start working. So ladies, if you don't mind, we’re going to start without you.
Apple just launched its online store in China. Apple says this is an exciting opportunity to sell iPods to the very kids who make them.
The Miss Universe pageant reversed its decision and will now let a transgendered contestant participate. The contestant was so excited to hear this, she could barely hide her erection.
One of the stars of "Duck Dynasty" will be in attendance for the State of the Union address. It’s considered historic – the first time a "Duck Dynasty" member will be within 500 feet of a black person.
Today is Paris Hilton's 30th birthday – but she said she still looks like she's 20. Then her gynecologist popped his head up and said, "Not down here you don't!"
The Supreme Court just ruled that it is now legal for sex offenders to use social media. When asked to explain the decision, the justices said, “Sex offenders on the internet— what’s the worst that could happen?”
The other day, someone shot a bullet at the White House.  The Secret Service immediately ruled out Jon Huntsman, because that guy has no shot at the White House.
During next week's inauguration, President Obama will be sworn in with not one, but two Bibles.  I just want to take a second to say— relax Mr. President, we get it— you're not a Muslim.
Tried changing my Facebook status to “craving gumbo” but Facebook automatically changed it to “BOYCOTT THE FACEBOOK MOVIE. IT’S ALL LIES!”
Ben Affleck said that his penis looks better in 3D. Mine does too, but my wife refuses to wear the glasses.
The CEO of Disney has said that the Disneyland measles outbreak has had no effect on park attendance. The CEO of Disney said, "Those dumb bastards just keep on coming."
This year, a 14-year-old boy from China is the youngest golfer to ever compete in the Masters.  During his round of golf today, the Chinese boy made two birdies, an eagle and an iPad.
Tonight is our first show of 2015 and our best show of 2015 - if you have tickets for the next show, I feel sorry for you.
There’s a new Harry Potter-themed cruise, and tickets start at $4,000 a person. For that price you get an owl, you get a wand, and you get to be alone for the rest of your life.
During Chinese Premier Hu Jintao's visit to the White House, Jintao shared a nice moment with 9-year-old Sasha Obama.  Jintao reportedly told her she was a pretty little girl and asked her how many iPods she could make in an hour.
My wife is so cute, always clearing her browser history and throwing the computer out a window when I walk in the room.
A professional wrestler is suing his opponent after their match resulted in him losing a testicle.  The wrestler still competes, but under his new name, Dwayne "The Missing Rock" Johnson.
Lindsay Lohan was arrested in New York City last night for allegedly hitting someone with her car and leaving the scene of an accident. That's the bad news… the good news is— she's not driving in Los Angeles!
One of the latest trends in Colorado is marijuana-themed weddings. You can tell it’s a marijuana-themed wedding because the couples are registered at Bed, Bath, & Bong.
Yesterday, Texas Governor Rick Perry endorsed Mitt Romney for president. Perry said he chose Romney because out of the one candidate left, he's the best.
Congratulations to NBA player Jason Collins on being brave enough to admit that he’s a Washington Wizard.
In Saudi Arabia, images of women have been removed from all Ikea catalogs. Of course in my experience, most women disappear the second they see a futon from Ikea.
NASA has reportedly found a way to put wireless Internet on the moon. So now the moon is identical to Starbucks, except it costs less money to go to the moon.
A Chicago woman is planning to sue the police, after she was tasered despite being pregnant. The woman is suing on behalf of her newborn baby boy, "Zeus, God of Lightning."
President Obama warned that the government could shut down in two weeks. Obama added, "Not because of a budget impasse but because we'll all be watching the last episode of 'Breaking Bad'."
In several of the key Super Tuesday states, a third of the voters still believe that President Obama was born in a foreign country. These are the same voters who think Super Tuesday is Superman's birthday.
Since House Majority Leader Eric Cantor lost to an anti-immigration candidate, many Republicans are feeling more pressure to take a harder stance on immigration. In fact, Republicans are so paranoid, that today Chris Christie sent back his chimichanga. 
The New York Times reports that General Electric did not pay any taxes at all last year. Of course that's because G.E. reported its sale of NBC as "a charitable donation."
Katie Couric will interview Notre Dame linebacker Manti Te'o about his "imaginary girlfriend."  Te'o says he's not only being interviewed by Couric, they're also dating.
According to a recent study, Southern accents were voted the sexiest of all American accents. Boston accents came in 87th right after "a deer being gutted."
Yesterday, President Obama arrived in Cuba and a band played both the American and Cuban national anthems. Then, just 'cause it felt right, a baseball game broke out.
The winners of the MacArthur Genius awards were announced. Among the geniuses are three artists, six authors, and the guy who invented Doritos Locos Tacos.
Footage has surfaced from 1962 of a young Barbara Walters working undercover as a Playboy Bunny.  You can tell it's her because she keeps asking men if they want their drinks, "on the wocks?"
Tech experts are saying that the new Apple iPhones are too big for most women to hold, which is why Apple calls that model, "The Conan."
Reverend Al Sharpton called Donald Trump the "white Don King." Today, Sharpton apologized and said, "I’m sorry, I meant the orange Don King."
Someday we'll all look back on this and scream.
A new report says the nation’s air traffic control system may be vulnerable to hackers. One suspicious sign it’s been hacked is if your Delta flight appears to be taking off on time.
A woman was arrested for trying to sell her baby at a Taco Bell.  Even worse, she did so by labeling him a "Bambino Grande."
The New York City Department of Health now has issued grades to all of its restaurants based on cleanliness. The grades are A, B, C, and White Castle.
A 105-year-old woman in Texas claims the secret to her long life is eating bacon every day. Then she admitted that she's actually just 37.
Good news for Washington, the government shutdown is over. The bad news for us, our government is back to work.
Two parents in Canada are weaning their kids off technology by banning any device invented after 1986. The children describe their parents as total Donkey Kongs who should go fax themselves. 
Doctors say that symptoms of PMS can be treated with marijuana. The news is a big relief to woman and an even bigger relief to men.
As of today, the US Senate has a record number of African-American senators…two.  In other words, there are now more African-Americans in the Senate than at a Mumford and Sons concert.
I'm confused by the new census form. There's no box for "Sickly White."
It’s being reported that last night, Donald Trump interrupted Hillary Clinton 51 times. When reporters asked Hillary if she was bothered by the interruptions, Trump said, "No, she wasn’t."
A group of Japanese scientists has created a hologram you can actually touch. The hologram is so lifelike, many Japanese men have broken up with their sex robots.
A famous building in San Francisco used for making porn is closing. According to the landlord, they are DEFINITELY not getting their deposit back.
Two great things happened for Los Angeles last night.  First, the LA Kings won their first-ever Stanley Cup.  Second, LA discovered they have a hockey team.
It's raining so hard that Charlie Sheen locked a mermaid in his closet.
Analysts are speculating that communication between Donald Trump and his campaign manager Kellyanne Conway has become practically nonexistent. They say if she spoke to Trump any less, they’d be married.
Nothing says, “I don’t know how to play this video game” like shooting the same oil barrel for 40 minutes.
Last night Mitt Romney said when he was looking hire a female, he would browse through a "Binder full of women."  Romney got the idea from Tom Cruise.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi says he probably won't run for office after his current term ends in 2013.  Berlusconi said, "13 is my lucky number and the age of my current girlfriend."
At their wedding, Mark Zuckerberg's wife wore a dress that cost nearly $5,000.   That is until the dress went public—now it's worth $2,000.
Every generation wants their children to be featured in a slightly less unflattering reality show than they were.
The media is way more interested in Kristen Stewart cheating on Robert Pattinson than in me cheating on my cholesterol test.
O.J. Simpson is claiming that Khloe Kardashian is his daughter. He makes the claims in his new book called, "The Only Thing I'm Ashamed Of."
We’ve been on the air 20 years. Which in legal terms, makes Andy and me "common law man and wife."
This Supreme Court's upcoming deliberations on gay marriage have apparently revealed great divisions between Justices Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy. So I guess their engagement is off.
It's rumored that Snoop Dogg will perform at the Democratic Convention. When he heard this, Donald Trump immediately took him off his vice presidential list.
Today, Jason Collins of the Washington Wizards announced he is gay. He said, "I don't know what's been tougher on my family- announcing I'm gay, or announcing that I play for the Washington Wizards."
In a new interview, President Trump revealed that he tweets in bed. When asked if this were true, Melania said, "How the hell would I know?"
Greece has put into place its new plan of deporting unwanted migrants. The plan was the brainchild of new Greek minister "Adonis Trumpadopolous."
In Florida, a man was arrested for masturbating in a DMV.  But he does look really happy in his license photo.
This week a company introduced a computer that the whole family can use and it's the size of a coffee table. This new computer of the future is called "The Commodore 64."
Today is the Mexican holiday of Cinco de Mayo. Or as it will be known under President Trump, "May The Goddamn Fifth."
Donald Trump is said to be considering a run for the presidency in 2012. Trump says he's got a plan for reducing our deficit: combing the rest of our money over to hide it.
It was a risky mission that NASA scientists dubbed "7 Minutes of Terror." NASA scientists named the mission after that time a woman tried to talk to them in the hallway.
A man from Nepal set a new world record after kicking himself in the head 134 times in one minute. He broke the previous record of zero.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that she would not like to go through the new TSA pat-downs.  After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "I think we all know where Hillary stands on being touched."
During a campaign event at the St Louis Zoo, Newt Gingrich was bitten by a penguin.  Apparently, it was feeding time and Newt and the penguin were fighting over pieces of squid.
It’s rumored that Apple will soon be selling its new low cost iPhone in China. Which explains Apple’s new iPhone slogan there, "The best gifts are the ones made by your kids."
This weekend in Los Angeles, people got to meet famous cats from the internet at the first ever CatCon. Unfortunately, I couldn’t make it because I’m allergic to sad people.
Disney has announced that its upcoming live-action "Aladdin" movie is going to feature Middle Eastern actors. Filming will begin in May, or whenever the actors are no longer detained at the airport.
The former Mayor of Detroit was convicted of racketeering and extortion charges. The sentence is pretty harsh – he has to serve another term as mayor of Detroit.
The government announced it will step up its testing of beef thought to contain E. Coli. They're going to start their search with Taco Bell's all new "E. Colito Grande."
It’s rumored that the new PlayStation controller will measure the degree to which you’re sweating. In response, gamers asked, “What’s sweating?”
According to a study, the third Monday in January is the most depressing day of the year.  Especially, if you're a Broncos fan who supports Jon Huntsman.
Senior officials are now saying that in addition to Team 6 – there was also a team of lawyers standing by in case bin Laden was captured alive. This team goes by the much less exciting code name "Team Weisberg, Melman, and Pratt."
It's probably time for Congressman Weiner to resign. Hopefully we’ll get better behavior out of his replacement, Richard Penis.
Earlier today, despite losing five primaries, Ted Cruz stunned everybody by announcing his vice presidential candidate is Carly Fiorina. This means Fiorina is now just a heartbeat away from never being president.
In a statement released today, Arnold said, "I am truly sorry. There are no excuses and I take full responsibility for the hurt I have caused." Then he said, "But enough about ‘Jingle All the Way,' let's talk about my lovechild."
Donald Trump is now leading Hillary Clinton in the latest polls. You can read all the details in a report entitled "Shit Just Got Real."
It's come out that the NSA monitors online porn, because some terrorist groups used it to send encrypted messages. So basically next time your wife catches you watching porn, just say "It’s not what you think, I’m hunting terrorists."
At a campaign rally yesterday, Michele Bachmann told supporters she was going to play some Elvis Presley and "do some shagging." Then her husband, Marcus, said, "Let's just listen to Elvis."
I just saw a lame white guy lip-synching a Jay-Z song as I drove past the mirror store.
Members of the Tea Party gathered outside the White House to demand President Obama’s impeachment. The President said he appreciates their views and announced he’s setting up a new website where they can voice their opinions.
A ten year old girl saved her mom's life by using techniques she learned from watching "Grey's Anatomy."  Apparently, she saved her mom's life using cheesy dialogue and a Sarah McLachlan song.
A company has started selling a peanut-butter and jelly sandwich in a can called "Candwich." The company is hoping that it will sell better than their last product – a hoagie in a bag called "Ho-Bag."
John Madden sat next to President Bush at the Super Bowl. There was an awkward moment when they were both caught on the kiss-cam.
Astronomers report that the universe is dying and we only have a few billion years left to live. With that in mind, let’s waste an hour of that together.
Felt a big tremor yesterday in LA. That was either an earthquake, or Ryan Gosling smiled softly in Southeast Asia.
Births in the U.S. have fallen for the fourth year in a row. Experts blame this on the poor economy and fear of another Honey Boo Boo.
One of the co-discoverers of DNA is now broke. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "Good, that guy ruined my life."
A Belgian man has built an exact replica of Luke Skywalker's childhood home.  When asked what his wife thinks, the man said, "Wife, that's a good one.
When you call Donald Trump’s cellphone number, it plays a campaign message. If you want to hear Trump's message in English, press 1, and if you want to hear it in Spanish… you probably don’t follow the news.
A Michigan man moved into a house next door to his ex-wife and erected a 12-foot-tall statue of the middle finger. When asked about it, his ex-wife said, "I’m glad he could finally get something up."
Just looked at the holiday edition of Oprah's Favorite Things. #26 is the rare earth element promethium.
TLC has ordered more episodes of "Here Come Honey Boo Boo." Just as the Mayans predicted.
The Pentagon has decided to allow women to serve in combat. The hope is that we can now finally defeat The Taliban by giving them the silent treatment.
This Saturday is Halloween and a lot of people this year are going as presidential candidates. However, I’m not sure I want to see a slutty Mike Huckabee.
While Bernie Sanders was making a speech, a woman in the crowd took off her top. Which may explain why at that moment, Sanders spoke about "Fighting for the hamana-hamana-have-nots!"
A college student in Georgia was worried that his parents would be mad at him for flunking English, so he faked his own kidnapping. However, the parents figured it out when the ransom note said, "We Has Your Son."
An English-speaking man went into a coma and came out only speaking Mandarin Chinese. On the bright side, now he can find work.
Recently on the Spanish island of Ibiza, the island prostitutes formed a union. And if there’s one thing the Prostitutes Union knows, it’s how to spot a scab.
Notre Dame football player Manti Te'o is caught up in a scandal about his having an imaginary girlfriend. He's being accused of fraud, deception, and plagiarizing me in high school.
After insulting Mexico for the past year, Donald Trump was in Mexico today. Things got awkward when he made a speech that started out, "Hola, Rapists."
Because of Russia’s actions in Ukraine, President Obama is threatening them with economic sanctions.  Obama said if Russia doesn’t pull out Kiev, we’re not going to let them borrow any of the money that we borrowed from China. 
It's freezing here in Los Angeles – It's so cold, this morning Lindsay Lohan intentionally crashed her car into a blanket store.
A New York woman is suing her surgeon claiming he was on his cell phone during her operation. In response, the doctor said, "For your information, I was googling 'how to perform surgery.'"
Stallone's movie "The Expendables" is #1. Look for the movie coming out about my exploits in high school: "The Let'sBeFriendables."
Brian Williams has admitted he embellished a story about being in a helicopter that was shot at in Iraq. Williams says the helicopter part was true, but it was a coin-operated helicopter outside of a Chuck E. Cheese.
Today the country of Israel turns 65.  It now plans to retire and move to Florida.
Yesterday, California banned the breeding of killer whales in captivity. Good news for orcas, bad news for the orca porn industry.
Almost everyone working at the FCC is on furlough. Which explains why Brian Williams started the news tonight by saying, "Good evening sh** heads."
It’s looking like Gary, Indiana will no longer be a honeymoon destination for gay couples.
Justin Bieber responded to an old video of him making a racist comment by posting a Bible verse on Instagram. Then someone had to tell him that "bitches be trippin'" is not a Bible verse.
A spokesman for Ben and Jerry's has apologized for creating an Asian-themed ice cream called "Taste the Lin-Sanity." Unfortunately, he apologized by saying, "Me so sorry."
How many baby carrots offset five adult cupcakes?
This weekend, LA is shutting down a major freeway for what they're calling "Carmageddon 2."  Officials are trying to keep everyone off the streets this weekend by announcing that "Lindsay Lohan is out for a drive."
A new report just came out, it reveals the porn capital of America is now Orlando, Florida.  So apparently, Disneyworld isn't the only place in Orlando hiring dwarves.
In Florida, a 98-year-old man shot a hole-in-one. The 98-year-old was shocked, mostly because he had no idea he was playing golf.
A new book claims Sarah Palin had sex with NBA star Glen Rice. That’s where she got the phrase, “Drill, Baby, Drill.”
Ted Cruz just released a presidential campaign video and it’s in Spanish. Cruz said, "It’s important for me to reach out to the people I’m trying to deport."
I’m starting to think I’m white enough to play Michael Jackson.
New research has found that the first sexual intercourse between two organisms occurred more than 385 million years ago. And nine months later, Larry King was born.
Mitt Romney won the Iowa caucuses by defeating Rick Santorum by only eight votes.  To give you an idea how close that is, if all of Newt Gingrich's ex-wives voted for Santorum he would have won.
At the time of his death, Osama bin Laden was found to have sewn the equivalent of 740 dollars into his clothing. As a result, experts say bin Laden's next plan was either to launch a major attack, or rent a 1-bedroom apartment in Chicago.
In Florida a woman got a new kidney after posting an ad on Craigslist. The weird thing is, she was only looking for a used futon.
In New Hampshire a police commissioner who called President Obama a racial slur has resigned. He’s also publicly apologized to New Hampshire’s entire black community, a guy named "Steve." 
This is a true story - for his Secretary of Defense, Donald Trump has chosen a retired Marine General whose nickname is Mad Dog. So sleep well, America!
A player for the Baltimore Ravens is being charged with starting a fight in a strip club. Man... that’s so Ravens.
In Missouri, a Taco Bell employee forgot to give a customer his hot sauce so the customer threatened him with a shotgun.  Afterwards, the employee said, "That's nothing, once I had a customer point his ass at me."
A scientist has figured out a way to turn coffee grounds into alcohol. Well, he’s not technically a scientist so much as an “alcoholic.”
Hillary Clinton is coming out with a book called "What Happened." Out of habit, Bill Clinton immediately came out with his own book called "Baby, I Can Explain."
Donald Trump said Ben Carson is wrong about the Egyptian pyramids being used to store grain, because the pyramids are solid. And that, ladies and gentlemen, perfectly sums up the Republican presidential race.
In San Diego, a man refused to be patted down by airport security and some people are calling him "a hero."  Personally, I don't mind being patted down by airport security, but I don't like it when the guy says, "Now you do me."
Today, Donald Trump’s childhood home in New York was put up for auction. Back then Trump was so poor he had to wet his own bed.
A 15-year-old boy has set the world record for solving a Rubik’s Cube with just one hand. The 15-year-old is less proud of the record he set with his other hand.
So many Republicans are running for President. Mike Huckabee is an ordained minister from the same hometown as Bill Clinton. That’s right, two former governors from Arkansas who yell, "Oh, God" a lot.
Former baseball slugger Jose Canseco accidentally shot himself in the hand. In a related story, I think we just figured out a way to make baseball a little more exciting!
America’s new daily routine: check news, change pants.
Kim Kardashian had a wardrobe malfunction where her dress split open, revealing her underwear. Then today, Kim apologized for wearing underwear.
IBM is now saying that Watson, the computer that appeared on Jeopardy last week, may now be used for medical diagnoses.  I'm not sure I want to go to the doctor and hear, "What is…undescended testicle?"
A new study shows you need 7 hours of sleep a night, not 8, as previously thought. Which means my parents no longer have an excuse for not watching my show.
Donald Trump is reportedly having multiple disagreements with his Defense Secretary pick, James "Mad Dog" Mattis. You know you’re in trouble when a guy named Mad Dog is telling you to take it down a notch.
Yesterday, a news anchor accidentally hung up on Oprah while he was interviewing her. He is survived by his wife and children.
A new report just came out and found that Germany is the country with the lowest birth rate. I don’t know why — there’s nothing more romantic than when a husband says to his wife “LASSEN SIE UNS EIN BABY.”
This weekend is Oprah Winfrey's birthday.  I don't want to ruin the surprise but I hear this time she's getting a full sister!
Gummi worms are incredibly popular, so I’m not sure why my line of gummi chiggers didn’t take off.
The Pope came out with 10 tips for happiness. Surprisingly, number eight was Jell-O shots.
According to a new study, men who are funny are better in bed. There’s no punchline here, I just wanted to get the word out on that.
It's been reported that one of Newt Gingrich's biggest fears is that a nuclear attack will shut off America's electricity. Apparently, Newt's afraid that it will happen while his Hot Pocket is still in "mid-defrost."
The dog who inherited $12 million from the real estate mogul Leona Helmsley has passed away.   The dog died broke after smoking $12 million worth of dog crack.
The IRS seized Lindsay Lohan's bank account because she owes $233,000 in back taxes. They were going to take her car, too, but they couldn't get it out of the tree.
If antihistamines are used to make meth, then it stands to reason that meth will help my chest cold.
Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared on a call-in show for Russian television and he actually took questions. It was really fun - the most common question Putin got was, "Will I ever see my family again?"
The Department of Health and Human Services just hired a woman who is a prominent advocate of abstinence-only sex ed. Man, who did she have to not-sleep with to get THAT job?
There are reports that the Islamic State is releasing its own "Grand Theft Auto"-style video game. In their version, the worst crime you can commit is letting a woman drive the car.  
An Olive Garden in North Carolina may have exposed diners to Hepatitis A. The Hepatitis A virus is the first substance ever found in an Olive Garden that's also found in Italy.
The FBI says, as part of its investigation of Hillary Clinton’s emails, it may call her in to speak to them. No word yet on how much Hillary’s planning to charge.
Vladimir Putin has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. People were shocked, until they found out that the head of the nominating committee was Kim Jong Un.
Experts say Hillary Clinton should be worried that Senator Elizabeth Warren will get the Democratic nomination. When she heard about this, Hillary said, "It’s not the first time a woman’s tried to take something that belongs to me."
The largest ever Powerball jackpot, $590 million, was won by someone in Florida. In a related story, someone in Florida just spent $590 million on bath salts.
A British rugby player said that having a stroke made him gay.  I know that sounds crazy, but to be really honest with you, every time I catch a cold, I get a little bi-curious.
Dick Cheney has gone on record saying he is a "big fan" of Jeb Bush. I don’t think Jeb is excited, because Cheney’s exact quote was, "If there’s two things I love, it’s waterboarding and Jeb Bush."
Donald Trump’s supporters are now being called "Trumpeters." And Jeb Bush’s supporters are being called, "Clinically Depressed."
Longtime "Today" show anchor Matt Lauer was fired because he was caught engaging in sexually inappropriate behavior. Afterwards, Lauer said, "Maybe having all those people looking in the windows wasn’t such a great idea after all."
A fan is suing the San Antonio Spurs because, at the game he attended, the star players were benched. Meanwhile, in LA, a fan is suing the Lakers because at the game he attended, the star players played.
Sarah Palin's son, Track, announced that he and his wife are expecting a baby.  The couple doesn't know the baby's name yet but they do know it will be a verb.
This Black Friday, I’m choosing small local businesses for my frenzied, materialistic rampage.
Donald Trump’s television ad mistakenly shows footage from Morocco instead of Mexico. Trump insists it’s not a mistake, and he’s going to build a fence along the US-Moroccan border and make Morocco pay for it.
Just days after the History Channel said it would not air a miniseries on the Kennedys, Showtime is also turning it down. Fortunately, TBS has agreed to air it under the title "Tyler Perry's House of Kennedys."
The Supreme Court has decided not to fine broadcast networks for "fleeting expletives" or momentary nudity.  So looks like "Wheel of Fortune" is about to get a lot more interesting.
Last week, a 13-year-old girl became the youngest female to climb Mount Everest. She didn’t mean to, she was just texting her friend and the next thing she knew, she was at the top of Mount Everest.
IHOP has removed soda from their kids' menus. A spokesperson for IHOP said, "Children's health is our first priority," and then he laughed for four hours.
Hillary Clinton revealed her Spotify playlist includes Katy Perry, Kelly Clarkson, and Jennifer Lopez. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton revealed his "to do list" includes Katy Perry, Kelly Clarkson and Jennifer Lopez.
In NH, a man was found not guilty for driving 100 mph – because he claimed he was rushing his pregnant wife to the hospital. After the verdict, the man admitted that by "pregnant" he meant "fat" and by "hospital" he meant "dog track."
In a recent interview, Daniel Craig said he can't do things like get drunk or go skinny dipping because he's too well known. When asked for comment, women everywhere said, "He can go skinny-dipping."
GQ Magazine has named Tilda Swinton its "Woman of the Year." I learned this when all the people I passed on my way to work kept telling me, "Congratulations!"
While in China, First Lady Michelle Obama commented on Chinese censorship. Or as the Chinese news reported it, "Michelle Obama greatly admires Chinese censorship."
Just found out that my jazz fusion quartet, Celestial Seasonings, is getting sued by some friggin’ tea company.
Both President Obama and Mitt Romney are fighting very hard to win over Hispanic voters. Obama keeps pointing to his record on immigration, and Romney keeps pointing to his front lawn and saying, "Nice work, Hay-sus!"
Just called my broker and told him to buy 300 shares of Neil Patrick Harris.
In a new interview, Dick Cheney said he thinks Barack Obama may be the worst president of his lifetime.  Then today, Cheney got a thank you note from Jimmy Carter.
A company has developed a sex toy in which you can store your loved ones' ashes. So now you know what grandma means when she says, "Grandpa lives on in all of us."
An Asian mathematician appears to have solved the world's most complex math problem. He did so as part of his work at the Institute for Persistent Stereotypes.
This morning I thought I heard a neighbor blasting that new Skrillex song I like, but then I realized it was just the garbage truck.
Yesterday, North Korea held its annual marathon. So congratulations to first, second, and third place winner—Kim Jong Un. 
Secret Service Fun Fact: three out of four people caught scaling the White House fence are process servers.
In Maine, a hermit living in the woods was arrested and he claims he's only seen one human since 1986. I think he's telling the truth because for his one phone call he tried to reach Mr. Belvedere.
The CEO of Starbucks wrote a letter urging his employees to vote. Millions of baristas tried to register but kept misspelling their own names.
During her visit to the Vatican this morning, Melania Trump wore a black dress and black veil. According to experts, that means she and Donald Trump had sex last night.
Yesterday, Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas spoke during a court session for the first time in seven years. It's already being called the best "that's what she said" joke ever.
Researchers now believe Neanderthals were more technologically advanced than previously thought, based on an ancient tool that they just discovered. That tool, surprisingly enough - a "Bedazzler."
It's been announced that the Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, and Paul McCartney will perform at a huge music festival. If you’re planning on attending, get in line for the bathroom NOW.
A group of coal miners in Ohio said that their bosses forced them to attend a Mitt Romney campaign event. You know you're boring when people would rather dig coal than listen to you speak.
The White House is considering supporting same sex marriage.  Experts attribute the change to shifts in popular opinion, recent court cases, and President Obama accidentally catching this week's episode of "Glee."
The Republican governor of Pennsylvania is under fire for photo-shopping black people into his campaign pictures. The press became suspicious when the governor posted photos of him and his black friends at a Coldplay concert.
A new study found that toddlers who talk early tend to develop a drinking problem later on in life. Another warning sign is if the kid asks for his milk "on the rocks."
It's being reported that Herman Cain is about to endorse Mitt Romney. In other words, Mitt Romney is about to get his first black supporter.
In Britain, Prince William is reportedly engaged to his longtime girlfriend.  It's a big step up from her previous status, "Peasant with benefits."
Yesterday, medical marijuana went on sale in Chicago. As a result, Chicago has just been forced to dip into its Strategic Sausage Reserve.
Yesterday, President Obama welcomed back the two hikers who had been held captive in Iran.  The President's exact words were, "Great—two more Americans who need jobs."
In Kentucky, a teenager was arrested for falsely yelling "Bingo" in a bingo hall. It's being called the first-ever arrest that actually DIMINISHED someone's street cred.
I can’t believe Matt Damon is alone on Mars without Ben Affleck.
In a recent interview, Barbara Bush denied that her favorite child is Jeb Bush. When asked who her favorite child is, she said, "I’m not sure, I just know it’s not Jeb."
This weekend is Easter, where Christians celebrate the return of Jesus. Unfortunately, this year Jesus can’t return because he’s Middle Eastern and been detained at the airport.
Today, comedian Andy Dick was arrested in a restaurant for being drunk and disorderly.  Or as we call that here in Los Angeles, "the first sign of Spring."
According to a new study, people with liberal arts degrees are experiencing much higher rates of joblessness.  So for all you Greek Classics majors out there, the sweet ride is finally over. You're going to have to fall back on your fine arts minor.
In Pittsburgh a man was arrested at a Taylor Swift concert for holding a sign that read “Taylor Swift is with Satan”.  Swift got angry and said – “For the record, Satan and I broke up two months ago.”
The Latin Grammys were just announced. I can’t believe I was overlooked for my solo album, “El Hombre Muy Blanco.”
New research suggests that hugs can prevent people from getting sick. So I just want to say to all the women on my staff, I’m not a creep, I’m trying to save your lives.
Hillary Clinton’s campaign is selling a beer chiller that says the word, "Chillary." It’s still not as popular as Mike Huckabee’s line of e-cigarettes, "Suckabees."
A new selfie stick recently came out designed to help users take pictures of their butts at the perfect angle. Of course Kim Kardashian’s butt will still have to be shot from space.
The other day, Republican Presidential Candidate Rick Santorum accused Texas Governor Rick Perry of being soft on gay marriage.  In response, Perry said, "So he'd rather I be ‘hard' on gay marriage?"
I just noticed Amazon has reclassified George Orwell’s "1984" under the category of Lighthearted Romps.
It’s being reported that, because of the birth of his baby daughter, Chris Brown has decided to stop calling women "hoes" in his music. He said he’s going to go with the more traditional term, "b*****."
I like the name "Groundhog Day" much better than the original "Pull Out The Dirt Rat Time."
In Georgia, a female high school teacher is accused of having a threesome with two male students. She’ll spend time in jail, but those boys will never forget how to draw an isosceles triangle.
The stock price for Whole Foods has plummeted by 20%. That’s a drop of $9, or the price of one grape at Whole Foods.
After finishing in last place, England was knocked out of the World Cup.  It’s the most English people wiped out at one time since the last episode of Game of Thrones.
Congressman Anthony Weiner reportedly called and apologized to Bill Clinton for the entire Weinergate scandal.  Clinton told him, "Tell me everything and I mean everything."
This summer, Disney is going to feature a "Frozen"-themed cruise ship. Sadly, 100 years ago, that’s how they promoted the Titanic.
It's been reported that a house cat in Italy has inherited $13 million.  When asked what he's going to do with the money, the cat said, "Buy back my testicles."
A new study on the female orgasm claims there is no such thing as a G-spot. The study was conducted by me.
The makers of Budweiser and Miller are considering a merger that would make them the world’s largest brewer. At first they weren’t planning to merge, but after a few beers, each started looking really good.
According to a new report, Hillary Clinton’s campaign staff is already worried that Bill has become a distraction. In fact, Bill Clinton’s new Secret Service code name is "Oh Jesus, Now What?"
In Poland, there's a new board game for children designed to help them understand how hard life was under Communist rule.  It's called "Hungry Hungry Everyone."
Sweating like crazy. May have to switch to men’s deodorant.
New research has indicated something called "male menopause," where men get fatter and lose interest in sex. Of course it’s also known as "football season."
In an interview, basketball commentator Charles Barkley said he'd like to shoot sports fans who act like jerks. Barkley was immediately reprimanded by the NBA, and recruited by the NFL.
A man in Tennessee has apologized to his wife after he plead guilty for trying to have her killed three times. You know who should be apologizing - his hitman.
When the eclipse comes I’m going to borrow the special glasses my wife uses when I’m shirtless.
While on a tour of Latin America, Mike Pence described Venezuela as "sliding into dictatorship." Pence said, "and I’m here to learn."
The National Atheist Party has endorsed Barack Obama for President.  When told the news, Obama said, "Thank God."
To prepare for these recently announced Ultra HD TVs, I’m having my entire face glazed with smooth porcelain.
It was reported that U2 singer Bono may have made over a billion dollars from Facebook going public. A spokesman for U2 said the band is still going to tour, but only because the drummer invested heavily in MySpace.
In Israel, a 65-year-old woman has given birth to a baby. There’s already some jealously from the baby’s older brother, a retired sheet metalworker.
One of the newest trends right now is eating breakfast any time of day, and they’re calling it "Breakfastarianism." By the way, "Breakfastarianism" is part of another new trend known as, "Legalized Marijuana."
Vice President Joe Biden's wife Jill Biden has written a children's book. It's called "Green Eggs and Help, My Husband Won't Stop Talking."
People in China criticized President Obama for chewing gum while entering the economic summit in Beijing, and they’re saying he looked like a rapper. Then again, to be fair, in China I look like a rapper.
This Thursday to show his appreciation, President-elect Trump will be going on a "Thank You Tour." The tour starts in Moscow.
Kanye West is standing by the comments he made saying he’ll be remembered like Steve Jobs. Mainly because Kanye also puts “I” in front of everything.
Last night, C-SPAN aired a debate in New Hampshire among 23 "fringe presidential candidates." The fringe candidates included a Libertarian, a white supremacist, and Jeb Bush.
Experts are predicting that royal baby could pump $380 million into the British economy. So the question now is, how do we get this kid to move to Detroit?
Scientists have found the remains of England's 15th Century King Richard III under a parking lot. Unfortunately, they couldn't find his ticket so he'll be charged the day rate.
PETA is upset at Chris Christie for killing a spider in front of a group of school children. Gov. Christie said, "If PETA's upset by that, they do not want to know what I had for lunch today."
Charles Manson has officially broken off his engagement to his 27-year-old fiancée. When asked why, Manson said, "Her mother was a total psycho."
Taco Bell has announced that they are introducing a new "$1 Cravings" menu. Here's how it works— you pay one dollar, you eat the food and then you crave a toilet.
Is it wrong to drive out to a farm three weeks early just to taunt your Thanksgiving turkey?
An ex-NFL quarterback was arrested after being found naked with meth and marijuana. In other words, he’s back in the NFL.
The #1 female middleweight boxer in America is also an IHOP waitress. And the #1 heavyweight in America is an IHOP customer.
Tickets to President Obama's inauguration have sold out. At least that's what the President is telling Joe Biden.
Tonight, President Obama is going to make a speech trying to convince people to vote for Hillary Clinton instead of Donald Trump. It’s a speech entitled, "I Can’t Believe This Is Necessary."
Just got the new iPad. This amazing device has already revolutionized the way I use a calculator.
Scientists have discovered a new shark species that can walk. It was immediately hired by CAA.
'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the house, not a creature felt like pronouncing "it was" as two words.
A new study says the best way to sell more eco-friendly products is to not mention that they're eco-friendly.  Which is why the makers of energy saving fluorescent light bulbs are renaming them, "The Panda-Killer 9000."
How much lingerie should I buy my therapist to prove to her that I don’t have boundary issues?
The Heinz corporation has apologized for a ketchup bottle whose label contained a link to a porn site. Then again, ketchup fans are used to seeing something spanked on its bottom just before a big squirt.
Hooters restaurants are making an effort to bring in more female customers.  Hooters said the only things they need to change is their name, the waitresses, and the food.
I’m pretty sure this on-hold music I’m listening to is a medley of “Satan’s Favorites”.
She's okay, but while vacationing in South Africa, Shakira was attacked by a sea lion. This is not surprising to animal experts, since the sea lion's natural enemy is an amazing ass.
At a nightclub this weekend, a man tried unsuccessfully to tackle Justin Bieber. In a related story, there’s a full grown man out there who is UNABLE TO TACKLE JUSTIN BIEBER.
Kim and Kanye’s 2-year-old daughter North has released her first Tweet. It was just three letters, "SOS."
Google is asking users of Google Glass to stop being what they refer to as "Glassholes." They said, "This isn't directed at all Google Glass users, just the ones being Glouchebags."
In a new interview, the Dalai Lama said his biggest fear is getting eaten by sharks. The Dalai Lama said his second biggest fear is getting stuck talking to Richard Gere.
I hear there's an evil peacock in Kung Fu Panda 2. Those kids movies are so unrealistic.
A porn star announced she is running against Toronto Mayor Rob Ford in the upcoming election.  She’s already been endorsed by Rob Ford.
Ben & Jerry's has introduced a new flavor called "Schweddy Balls" based on a Saturday Night Live sketch. They're hoping it will be a better seller than last year's "Dick-in-a-Box Crunch."
Some people are saying L.A. Laker Lamar Odom's reality show "Khloe and Lamar" is what caused the Lakers to lose in the playoffs.  Odom said "Khloe and Lamar" is not the reason they lost in the playoffs, but it is the reason he lost his dignity.
Today is the beginning of the Jewish holiday of Passover, where families gather for a meal and recall a story of ancient grievances. Or as that’s known in my family, "Thanksgiving."
A company wants to help army wives by giving them sex toys that can be controlled by their spouses deployed overseas. Working nickname for the device—"The Drone Bone."
Paula Deen will release a video defending herself in her racism scandal, but you have to pay $9.99 to watch. Or $14.99 if you’re black.
NASCAR is trying some new initiatives to "go green," including planting trees and using ethanol fuel. And most controversial—the idea of having all the NASCAR drivers carpool.
Canada elected a new Prime Minister named Justin Trudeau, and many consider the guy a heartthrob. The good news is, any Canadian heartthrob named Justin is sure to be popular forever.
A new study found that kids are bullying each other with Donald Trump’s words. The good news is, most kids outgrow Trump’s vocabulary by the time they’re 11.
Bernie Sanders said that an advantage of leaving the race is not having to tell the Secret Service every time he has to go to the bathroom. The Secret Service said, "You know, it’s really difficult to go on lockdown every four minutes."
Christina Aguilera is bouncing back from her Super Bowl appearance by singing this Sunday at the Grammys in a tribute to Aretha Franklin. Christina will be accompanied by a full orchestra – and 135 teleprompters.
A male TSA agent wrote on a blog that he hates coming to work, "knowing full well that my hands will be feeling another man's private parts, their butt, their inner thigh."  The man has since quit the TSA so he could write songs for Lil' Kim. 
Experts say they have had luck getting pandas to breed by using "panda porn" videos. And when they’re done, they sell them to adult movie stores as “Hot Black-on-White Action.”
Toyota announced another massive recall because their airbags can explode at any moment. Toyota then said, "Enjoy your holiday weekend."
Thai Airlines announced that it will be hiring a team of transsexual flight attendants. That explains Thai Airlines' new motto, "When flying to Thailand isn't suspicious enough."
A recent study found that the number of Monarch butterflies migrating to Mexico from the US has dropped by 27%. Apparently the butterflies are afraid if they go from the US to Mexico, they won’t be allowed back in.
The Trump International Golf Club in Puerto Rico has filed for bankruptcy. This may be because of Trump’s rule, "No Puerto Ricans on my Puerto Rican golf course."
Netflix may expand their service to China. So finally, kids in China will be able to watch shows on the devices they made.
It’s just come out that before Pope Francis became a priest, he broke up with a serious girlfriend to instead join the church. Man, Taylor Swift just CANNOT catch a break!
The Christmas-themed town of North Pole, Alaska has approved marijuana dispensaries. So don’t expect your presents from Santa until next April.
Canada has made a territorial claim to the entire North Pole. Unfortunately, while marching out to stake this claim, Canada’s army was defeated by two elks and a salmon.
In New Zealand, a top government official was caught lying about his past—after he claimed that he once bobsledded against the team from "Cool Runnings."  Experts are already calling it "the saddest lie ever."
Mexico's new president said his country's problems with the US aren't just about drugs and security issues. He said it's really about America's insistence that Taco Bell is Mexican food.
Scientists have proven that you can grow potatoes on Mars. When they heard this, half of America said, "Wait, a planet with no Trump AND French fries? When do we go?"
The Kardashian sisters announced they are writing a novel.  The only thing that would shock me more would be to find out they were reading a novel.
The Mayor of Los Angeles said he expects the city to get an NFL franchise within the year. If you think there are a lot of police chases in LA now, wait until we get an NFL team.
It's being reported that in many of his speeches, Herman Cain plagiarized a Pokémon movie.  Apparently, the most famous line Cain stole was, "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for Pikachu's Ghost Carnival."
Any good will the Irish earn during the year, they squander it all on St. Patrick's Day.
A new report claims the US Postal Service could go out of business this winter.  On the bright side, the Post Office won't receive the report in the mail for another two years.
Today is President Trump’s 71st birthday. Trump received a card from Vladimir Putin that said, "I hope you’re enjoying the birthday present I gave you in November."
Desiigner is both my favorite rapper and my favorite typo.
Today, Republican presidential candidate, Newt Gingrich said that he does not support gay marriage.  He said, "Marriage is a sacred sacrament that should only be between a man and his first, second, and third wife."
Before Jeb Bush tries to reboot the Iraq War, he should talk to the folks who made "Fantastic Four."
First Lady Melania Trump and Second Lady Karen Pence visited Texas. Melania was overheard saying, "We’re near the border, let’s make a run for it."
I love these post-Holiday bargains. Who knew I could get Megan Fox’s underwear for just 12 thousand dollars?
Starbucks announced that it will soon start producing documentaries. In response, a furious Netflix said, "Fine, we’re going to start streaming coffee into your living room."
A new report says the US border wall could cost three times as much as previously estimated. However, Trump says he’ll keep costs down with his secret business trick called, "Not paying for stuff."
Due to a technical glitch, Taylor Swift’s new single was released as eight seconds of static, and it still went to #1 on iTunes. 
On Monday, Brian Williams said that if he were to ever leave his wife for a man, that man would be Bruce Springsteen.  Which I have to say, is a really weird way to start the Nightly News. 
Scientists have found a way to grow human tissue on apples. Now the only thing left for them to discover is a reason to grow human tissue on apples.
In the news yesterday, North Korea suggested that it would like to reunite with South Korea. I think something’s up because today South Korea gave North Korea its Netflix password.
This past weekend, a 400-pound former sumo wrestler ran the LA Marathon.  He should be done jiggling by June. 
The CEO of Pizza Hut said that when he was in college, he used to bring his dates to Pizza Hut.  When asked where he brought them on the second date he said, "There were no second dates."
A new study of chain restaurants came out and it found that the Cheesecake Factory serves the unhealthiest food. When asked for comment, the CEO said, "Folks, it’s called 'The Cheesecake Factory.'"
55% of millennials said they would consider leaving the United States and moving somewhere else. Most of the millennials said they’d like to live in either Middle Earth or Winterfell.
Yesterday in Sochi, a spectator was ejected after he yelled out, "It’s OKAY to be gay!"  In response, all the male figure skaters said, "Okay? It is AWESOME."
"Facebook" creator Mark Zuckerberg appeared on "60 Minutes."  So in other words, Zuckerberg was interviewed by the only people currently not on Facebook.
Today, in an interview, Donald Trump called Donald Sterling’s remarks disgusting and his girlfriend "a terrible human being." Trump then said, "That’s why I’ve asked them both join the next season of 'Celebrity Apprentice.'"
Toyota has announced they will start integrating Microsoft technology into their vehicles. It's perfect for the person who wants a car that crashes every 10 minutes.
Mitt Romney has been preparing by debating a Republican Senator who's playing the part of President Obama.  Meanwhile, President Obama has been preparing for Romney by debating an ATM machine.
Last night, during his State of the Union Speech, President Obama told a joke that fell completely flat with the audience. Mr. President, welcome to my world.
In Texas, it turns out that a man who had been struggling with unexplained drunkenness has microbes in his stomach that produce alcohol. I don’t have a joke for this, I’m just letting everyone know that this excuse does exist.
You can wear tennis shoes anywhere, but golf shoes are only good for golf and rough sex.
There is a rumor out there that the CEO of Starbucks might run for president. In fact, he opened up his first campaign headquarters and another one right across the street.
A new study has found that women would rather watch TV than have sex. Sort of good news/bad news thing for me.
According to a new study, video games can worsen your level of depression.  Among the games found most likely to increase depression: "Call of Whatever" and "Guitar Loser."
Yesterday, Microsoft unveiled a new tablet called Surface. Microsoft says it chose the name "Surface" because it's a great place to put your iPad.
Facebook is under fire because, during last year’s election, Facebook sold lots of ad space to Russia. Facebook said the problem has been fixed. Now they’re selling that ad space to a really nice lady named Isis.
Hillary Clinton is trying an entirely different approach with Iowa than the one she tried eight years ago when she lost there. For one thing, she’s not going to start speeches by saying, "Hello Iowa, or Idaho, or whichever one you are!"
A study came out and found that the perfect time to have sex is 7:30 in the morning. It is a perfect time because you can have sex, finish, and then leave for work at 7:32.
This weekend, Burger King debuted its new "French Fry Burger." So finally, a solution to the problem of having to reach for fries in between bites of your burger.
In Japan, a senior official is in trouble for saying that, in order to save money, elderly people should, "hurry up and die."  Of course, if he loses his job, he has a bright future writing Mother's Day cards.
According to a new poll, less than half of Americans know that Mitt Romney is a Mormon. In fact, some of his wives don't even know.
I can’t believe peace talks fell through between the communist leaders of North Korea and the former head of Exxon.
Amazon is considering starting its own clothing line. Which is strange, because what’s great about shopping on Amazon is not having to wear clothes.
Kim Kardashian claims she and Kanye West are having sex 500 times a day to try and conceive another baby. Come on, Kim, 500 times a day? NO ONE has that much videotape!
The New York Times had to issue a correction after an article referred to Dick Cheney as President of the United States. The Times apologized to Dick Cheney, and changed his title to Former President of the United States.
A new study shows that owning a pet lowers a person's risk of heart disease. And, eating a pet raises the chance that you just had lunch at IKEA.
It’s Valentine’s Day. Or as it’s known at CVS, "Oh, Shit" Day.
In New York, hundreds of Harry Potter fans gathered for the annual Quidditch World Cup. Or, to use its unofficial name, "Occupy Virginity."
In a new interview, One Direction singer Harry Styles said that he’s “pretty sure” he’s not bisexual.  Which at least saves them the hassle of changing the band’s name to “Both Directions.”
The other day at LAX, a flight attendant was caught smuggling cocaine. People became suspicious when she gave passengers a 6-hour safety briefing.
Tomorrow is the start of Comic-Con. You can tell because San Diego prostitutes are holding up signs advertising a "First Timer Special."
Yesterday, Mitt Romney told what he thought was a humorous story about how his father closed down a Michigan factory.  Then Romney went on to quote some of his favorite jokes from the movie, "Schindler's List."
In England, while the driver slept, thieves stole 6,000 cans of baked beans from his truck.  When asked about the thieves, police said, "We should be hearing from them shortly.”
Yahoo's new CEO Marrisa Mayer is 6 months pregnant. Apparently, she was able to hide her pregnancy by only posting it on Yahoo.
Nicolas Cage is going to be starring in a film based on Edward Snowden. Cage said he’s perfect for the role, since he knows what it’s like to go into hiding after doing something people don’t like.
A survey claims that Hillary Clinton has a 41 point lead over Donald Trump among Asian-American voters. Trump said, "It’s not true and I bet whoever did the math wasn’t Asian."
Over the weekend, hundreds of men took part in Boston's annual "Santa Speedo Run." In other words, no one in Boston is going to be happy this year with their "Christmas package."
Hostess, announced that Twinkies will be back on store shelves in July. The CEO reassured fans that, not only will Twinkies be the same recipe from last year, they’ll also be the same Twinkies.
A lot of people are mad at meteorologists for promising more inches of snow than actually fell. And folks, I’m mad at meteorologists because "not delivering as many inches as promised" is my thing.
The US lost to Germany today, but because FIFA rules dictate that teams get one point for a tie, three points for a win and zero points for a loss, AND both the US and Portugal had a score of four… and because the US team had a higher goal differential, the US still advances. And that, ladies and gentlemen, in a nutshell, is why Americans don’t follow soccer.
In Japan, Buddhist monks held a contest for "Most Handsome Monk." The monk who won got the grand prize for any Buddhist: Nothing.
It’s come out that the new female Viagra is helping women have approximately half of an orgasm per month. Or as married women put it, "twice as many."
It's been reported that, after the Pope retires, he'll receive a relatively small pension. So don't be surprised to see an elderly German on the sidewalk holding a sign that reads, "Will Pope For Food."
A member of the Baltimore Ravens has retired from football so he can donate his kidney to his brother.  Since receiving the new kidney, the brother has committed six felonies.
Anthropologists have discovered ancient papyrus in Egypt that contains sex spells. The spells are followed by a hieroglyphic that tells you to call your doctor if your erection lasts longer than three birds and a stick.
According to the latest polls, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are tied in Florida. So the Florida election will come down to that age old battle; Meth vs Metamucil.
In Arizona, a Republican named Scott Fistler changed his name to Cesar Chavez in hopes of getting more Hispanic votes. Today he was deported.
After coming in 5th in Iowa, Rand Paul is dropping out of the presidential race. Paul’s supporters are being described as "consolable."
After selling Star Wars to Disney, George Lucas said he will donate the majority of the proceeds to charity.  Lucas said he'll donate to Star Wars fans' favorite cause, "Grown-ups without Partners."
There's a plan for the Pentagon to cut almost half a trillion dollars from the military. The Pentagon plans to pay for future wars by divorcing Kobe Bryant.
From now until Valentine’s Day, McDonald's will be accepting payment in hugs. This is great news for anyone who hasn’t heard about the measles outbreak.
President Obama’s approval rating is down to 44%.  You can tell Obama is getting desperate, today, he gave a speech entitled, “Hey, guys, the Twinkie is coming back.”
A woman in Iowa claims she found marijuana in her McDonald’s burger. Which explains why, right after eating the burger, she went right to Taco Bell. 
Anthony Weiner has returned from his stay at a sex rehab clinic. Friends say rehab made Weiner a calmer more thoughtful person, who now only sends tasteful oil paintings of his dick.
Ted Cruz is trying to tie Donald Trump to a prominent mobster. In an attempt to repair the damage to his reputation, the mobster is distancing himself from Trump.
When will someone build a piano that isn’t inherently racist?
Last night on a flight to San Francisco, a woman gave birth. The airline said that the mother and her new $40 carry-on are doing just fine.
Speaking  of the Waffle House, Atlanta is also home to Arby's, Chick-fil-A and get this Spanx. Which explains Atlanta's new nickname, "The City of Cause and Effect."
Vladimir Putin is scheduled to play an exhibition hockey game against former professional hockey players. Putin is scheduled to win by 12 goals.
The state of Texas is trying to stop a family of Syrian refugees from resettling there. Texas officials said, "We’re too busy with Christmas to think about a Middle Eastern family with no place to stay for the night."
Burger King announced they are testing a new Bacon Sundae.  Burger King also announced it's changing its slogan from "Have it your way" to "Die Humans Die."
I'm happy to report that we're already #1 in TBS's key demographic—people who can't afford HBO.
During a photo shoot for Time Magazine, a bald eagle tried to attack Donald Trump. The only thing that saved Trump’s life was the angry hawk living in his hair.
Today, Snooki tweeted that she's been using a breast pump.  And apparently his name is Marco.
Queen Elizabeth posted an ad online for an assistant in the Buckingham Palace washroom.  Which is apparently, where she started before she worked her way up. 
Surveyors announced that the Washington Monument is 10 inches shorter than what’s been recorded. Of course, the monument is blaming the shrinkage on the cold weather.
In a speech, Pope Francis suggested the Catholic Church may change its policy on priestly celibacy. So soon, priests may be shouting God’s name at work and at home.
The country of Thailand recently opened its first condom museum.  Because if there's one place that celebrates responsible sexual behavior – it's Thailand.
During his speech to the UN, President Trump paused for what he thought was an applause line and was met by silence. President Trump, welcome to my world.
Sure, those "Magic Mike" guys look impressive, but remember the camera adds four abs.
Foreign policy experts say that the president of China is now the world’s most powerful person. As you can imagine, that came as quite a shock to Beyoncé.
Charlie Sheen posted online that he's looking for an intern. It's the first-ever internship where, if you do it correctly, you actually lose college credits.
A political analyst called Hillary Clinton's recent comments on the Middle East, "very provocative." When asked for comment, Bill Clinton said, "You just ruined the word 'provocative' for me."
Anyone who says you can’t judge a book by its cover hasn’t seen the cover of “The Big Book of Huge Breasts”.
It's being reported that Mitt Romney's campaign is spending cash twice as fast as they're earning it.  So hey, it turns out he is just like us.
Today is Yom Kippur, the Jewish Day of Atonement, the day when Jews around the world ask for forgiveness for Anthony Weiner.
President Trump has been complaining on Twitter that the press is not reporting his accomplishments. The press responded, "We would, but we’re not allowed to print the word 'clusterf***.'"
Scientists have found a new link between high blood sugar and dementia. Which explains Cinnabon’s new slogan: “The last bite you’ll ever remember.”
A couple in North Carolina was arrested for attacking each other with pizza rolls. They’ve been charged with two counts of "Deserving each other."
Yesterday in California, Riverside County banned sex-offenders from participating in Halloween.  So everyone relax because if there's one thing sex offenders are good at, it's following the rules.
My Uber driver has a man-bun Ken doll hanging from his rear view mirror.
Today is Opening Day for Major League Baseball. Out of habit, the Lakers lost.
Scholars have revealed Jefferson changed "Subjects" to "Citizens" in the Dec of Ind. Also, "Pursuit of Happiness" was "Score me some stank".
A man has been awarded $100,000 after claiming his female boss grabbed his privates while on the job at Lenscrafters.  Out of habit, she would ask, "Better like this, or better like this?"
It’s come out that President Obama has been allowed to see special advance episodes of the new season of "Game of Thrones." Obama says he watches "Game of Thrones" to remember what it’s like to have reasonably sane people compete for leadership.
Robots are taking over so many jobs, it’s only a matter of time before I go to Starbucks and get my name misspelled in binary.
There's a new game you can purchase for the iPad that allows its users to stroke the screen until it climaxes. Of course, there’s a free version that just pretends to climax and then turns itself off.
Buzzfeed now has a seat in the White House press briefing room. I read about it in their list of 14 Sentences That Confuse Your Grandmother.
A hotel in London is offering "Harry Potter" themed rooms. The rooms come with a four-poster bed, a cauldron, and a mirror so you can take a long, hard look at just what you’ve become.
New York Mayoral Candidate Anthony Weiner said he is focused on moving forward. He said, “Throughout this experience I’ve really grown – and if you don’t believe me, I’ll send you a picture.”
Ben and Jerry’s has introduced what they’re calling a "marijuana friendly" ice cream. It’s called "ice cream."
I just learned you can no longer drive through Times Square.  I've also learned you can longer assume any woman in Times Square is a prostitute. My apologies to that librarian from Akron, Ohio.
In India, with the help of extensive fertility treatment, a 70-year-old woman and her 79-year-old husband have just had their first baby. Just one problem - neither one can remember where they put him.
The Libyans have buried Moammar Gadhafi at a secret undisclosed location.  In other words, it's going to be the best season of the Amazing Race yet. 
Today, the President signed the Debt Ceiling Bill into law.  Democrats hate it, Republicans hate it—so I guess it can't be that bad.
George Clooney says that marriage "feels pretty damn great." To which every married guy replied, "Dude, it’s been four days. Give it time, George."
Today President Trump gave NASA $19.5 billion to develop a manned mission to Mars. President Trump said he wants to see if Mars can sustain life and a casino.
On Monday, former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson endorsed Donald Trump. Tyson joins Trump’s biggest group of supporters: "People Who Have Been Hit In The Head A Lot."
Maybe it’s me, but Mike Pence has that look you get when you realize the gnat is too far down your throat to spit out.
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said he doesn’t think Donald Sterling should be kicked out of the league for comments made in private conversation. After hearing this, Sterling said, "Wow— this is the first time I’ve liked a Cuban."
Anyone notice the date?  Today is January 11th, which makes it 1-11-11—something that only happens every 100 years.  When someone told Larry King he said, "This again."
Hillary Clinton said in her book that after Trump’s Inauguration speech, George W. Bush told her, "that was some weird shit." It’s being called the most eloquent statement ever made by George W. Bush.
Jersey Shore star "Ronnie" has been charged with assaulting a man off-camera during a taping.  If convicted, Ronnie could face up to 3 years in a library.
President Obama hosted a Cinco de Mayo party at the White House. The party got so out of hand that the Secretary of Defense is now Mario Lopez. 
Jennifer Lopez has been named as People magazine's most beautiful person. As expected, People's Most Beautiful woman award went to Steven Tyler.
In New York City, a sex toy shop promises to deliver sex toys to your home within an hour. Unfortunately, for most men, that's 59 minutes too late.
The government is working hard on technologies to prevent cars from operating when their owners are drunk. Here’s how it works — the car automatically turns itself off if you go through a White Castle drive-through at 2am.
Got invited to the Playboy Mansion for Valentine’s Day. It’s the Cincinnati branch, but still, pretty cool.
Hundreds of employees of Weight Watchers are complaining about the company's low wages. The employees said, "They're paying us peanuts, which, by the way, are only 6 points a serving!"
This weekend, we all moved our clocks ahead by one hour. In other words, that’s our show, goodnight everybody!
New Year’s Eve is just a made up holiday created by the taxi industry to get more vomit in cars.
Make sure to watch for my commercial during the Super Bowl. You'll only see it if you’re watching a “Sex and the City” re-run on E!.
Lindsay Lohan was arrested for repeatedly punching a woman in the face at a Manhattan nightclub. Lindsay said she only used her fists because her car wouldn't fit through the club door.
The preacher who predicted the apocalypse on Saturday is now saying it will come in October. It's the first time someone's "end of the world" prediction was followed up with, "So everyone have a great summer!"
Hillary Clinton has joined Twitter. Bill Clinton said, “That’s fine – as long as she doesn’t catch me on Match.com.”
After President Obama said last night that Muslims are some of our sports heroes, Donald Trump sent out a tweet saying "which sport is he talking about?" Trump’s tweet was retweeted by Muhammad Ali and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
The Mitt Romney campaign is still trying to do damage control after remarks that Romney made while in the UK. Probably his worst gaffe was when he visited Buckingham Palace and said to Queen Elizabeth, "You call this a house?"
Scientists have discovered how to restore sight to blind mice. Next up, the scientists will try to restore the homes of three little pigs.
A new report says that, before Osama bin Laden died, he wanted to change Al Qaeda's name to help its image.  Unfortunately, Pinkberry was taken.
Donald Trump's doctor wrote a letter saying that if elected, Mr. Trump will be "the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency." Then, when asked about Trump’s mental health, the doctor got very quiet.
Olympics corporate sponsors are upset that the athletes are using unauthorized brands of condoms.  The angriest sponsor is McDonald's who issued two kinds– "Regular" and "McRibbed For Her Pleasure."
The Golden Globe nominations are out, and Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt were both snubbed. As a consolation prize, tonight each of them gets to have sex with either Brad Pitt or Angelina Jolie.
Oscar host Neil Patrick Harris said he hopes that the broadcast on Sunday will include a "Kanye moment." Unfortunately, a Kanye moment may not be possible, because that would require there to be a black person at the Oscars.
A federal appeals court has said the NSA’s monitoring of Americans' landlines was illegal. Now the NSA has to settle with the five people who still use a landline.
This weekend, many of the Republican candidates said they use a Fitbit. In fact, Jeb Bush uses his to measure how much distance he can put between himself and his last name.
In Japan, a 76-year-old man has spent the last 20 years living naked on a remote island. Now the man is famous for having the least successful Match.com profile ever.
A company has come out with a bra designed to look like an xBox game controller.  Great – now that's two things I'm not sure how to work.
Yesterday, Jason Collins became the first openly gay player to play in an NBA game. He also became the first NBA player not being pursued by a woman for child support.
That last episode of “Sex Sent Me to the E.R.” got the color wrong on my Speedo.
You can’t judge a book by its cover, unless the title of the book is "THIS BOOK IS GUILTY OF MURDER!
Scientists have found fossils from the Ice Age in Los Angeles while digging subway tunnels. L.A. residents were amazed and said, "We have a subway?"
The Tea Party Congressman who sent a tweet that compared President Obama to Adolf Hitler has now apologized. Not helping is that he apologized to Hitler.
The Pope gets to choose his new name. Experts say the #1 choice for the new pope's name is John and the # 2 choice is Leo.  A distant 3rd, "Jayden."
The NBA has officially charged Donald Sterling with damaging the league and its players. If found guilty Sterling could be sentenced to "5 to 10 Instagrams with black people."
Over the weekend, President-elect Trump tweeted that "Saturday Night Live" was "unwatchable." He then tweeted that the new "Gilmore Girls" was "funny, tender, and gave me all the feels."
Two days ago, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were tied in Florida, but today she is up by five points. Of course, there’s a margin of error of Florida.
Yesterday, Maine and Maryland approved gay marriage. And today, Delaware confessed to being "bicurious."
I hope the NFL takes steps to bring its Player Murder Rate back down to acceptable levels.
Cardinals from all over the world are now gathering in Rome to select the next pope. You can watch the entire process on the new season of "Vatican's Got Talent."
In Texas, a day care center is being accused of duct-taping children to their mats for nap time. Parents were outraged and also wanted to know if it worked.
A prominent Latino Trump supporter announced today he is withdrawing his support for Donald Trump. He said, "I would have done it sooner but I just came out of a year-long coma."
If you ever see me at Hooter's, I'm just there to judge others.
A man in Florida is in trouble for exposing his penis to his Uber driver. The driver said, "That’s not what I meant when I asked for a tip."
There’s another viral video of Melania Trump rejecting President Trump’s attempt to hold her hand. Now even Israelis and Palestinians are saying "Geez, work it out, you two."
A new study shows eating bacon can lower a man’s chances of getting a woman pregnant. Scientists are calling it alarming, men are calling it a "win-win."
On this St. Patrick’s Day, I can’t help but reflect on all the leprechauns detained at the airport.
According to the Washington Post, rebels in Libya like to smoke hash before they fight.  All I can say is, if the hash you're smoking makes you want to fight, you might need a new dealer.
Wyclef Jean has filed papers to run for President of Haiti. If his politics are as good as his rapping on "Hips Don't Lie", Haiti is saved.
Today, shortly before we taped the show, Hillary Clinton became the first female nominee of a major party. So now little girls everywhere can say "One day I’m gonna grow up and run against an insane reality TV star."
Libyan Dictator Moammar Gadhafi has been killed. So between Osama Bin Laden and Moammar Gadhafi, I'm starting to think what President Obama's going to be remembered for isn't "health care."
It’s starting to look like the Ebola crisis in Texas may be over. Now Texas can go back to being afraid of the other "E" word - "Evolution."
A fast food restaurant in Australia is celebrating Halloween by offering a hamburger in a blue bun, sprinkled with real ants and worms. Or as Arby’s calls that, “The Number Six.”
It is true, I’m not making this up, he did call his inauguration day "A National Day of Patriotic Devotion." So today, Trump was accused of fascism by Democrats and plagiarism by Kim Jong-Un.
Yesterday, Oklahoma elected their first openly gay State Senator. Unfortunately, no one knows how to break it to the senator that he's in the state of Oklahoma, not the musical.
In a new interview, Matthew McConaughey said he once thought about becoming a defense attorney.  McConaughey decided against it when he learned that they have to wear shirts.
If you’re wondering what I was like in college, one time I had a pregnancy scare with my pillow.
A new study shows that smoking e-cigarettes does not help people quit smoking real cigarettes. The study concludes that people who smoke e-cigarettes are being "douchebags for nothing."
A condom company has launched a special line of Mitt Romney condoms.  The Romney condom is perfect for the lover who likes to constantly change his positions.
Yesterday, Instagram announced that users can now hashtag emojis. So ladies and gentlemen, it’s official, we all learned to read for nothing.
I’m so happy with the SCOTUS ruling, I could kiss a man, then move in with him, start a family and eventually leave him for a younger man.
According to a dating app, Amazon employees are more desirable than employees at other tech companies. Plus, if you sleep with one, they’ll recommend someone else you might also like sleeping with.
A new report says that 1 in 3 men from ages 75 to 95 are sexually active. So remember old ladies – if you want to have a threesome – you're actually going to need 6 guys.
Rapper K'Naan is upset because Mitt Romney used his rap song during Romney's victory speech in Florida.  K'Naan said, "That's the last time I write a song called, ‘Me So Mormon.'"
It’s being estimated that Donald Trump’s border wall could cost as much as $15 billion. Or as Trump is putting it, "A dollar for every person who attended my inauguration."
A new report claims that former President George W. Bush is now painting portraits of dogs.  Apparently, his biggest challenge is trying to get the dogs to play poker. 
In an interview for the Today Show, Gary Busey said that Donald Trump would be an "absolutely good president." Busey said, "Trump knows how to stand up to our enemies, Iran, North Korea and Meatloaf."
Bravo has fired two of "The Real Housewives of Orange County."  The two women were fired for being pleasant and courteous.
Some pundits are comparing President Obama pushing Obamacare to a late night pitchman on an infomercial.  When reached for comment, Obama said, "That’s not true—but don’t take my word for it, just ask some of these satisfied customers."
DC Comics has announced that the Green Lantern is gay. Not to be outdone, Marvel Comics has started having the Incredible Hulk smash through walls using "jazz hands."
David and Victoria Beckham are expecting their fourth child.  They said they knew they were pregnant when they heard a tiny sperm yell, "GOOOOOALLLL!!!!!"
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg built a digital assistant that can make toast. So finally, an easy way to make toast.
Democratic Congressman Emanuel Cleaver called the debt-ceiling bill a "Sugar Coated Satan Sandwich."  To which a spokesman for Denny's replied: "Hey, don't drag our new sandwich into this!"
The NFL is being criticized because a Muslim player was penalized for praying in the end zone, while Tim Tebow was never penalized for praying. In response, the NFL said, "Tim Tebow never got to the end zone."
A Justice Department memo claims that President Obama has the right to order the assassination of an American anywhere in the world.  In a related story, Donald Trump has gone into hiding.
Earlier today, NASCAR’s chief communications officer said that NASCAR is disappointed in Indiana’s religious freedom law. Do you hear that Indiana? You’re not progressive enough for NASCAR.
Lady Gaga is getting her own TV special called "A Very Gaga Thanksgiving." In it, Lady Gaga will sit down to a big Thanksgiving feast and offer thanks for "this food we wear."
When asked if Hillary Clinton will run for president, Bill Clinton said she's "having a little fun being a private citizen." Then he added, "Not ‘Bill Clinton fun, but fun nonetheless."
A town in New Jersey is trying to block Snooki from shooting her new reality show there.  However, Snooki plans to sneak back in town disguised as an orange traffic cone.
Justin Bieber was the big winner at the MTV Europe Music Awards. The big losers were Europe and music.
Walt Disney has announced that they've lost $200 million on the movie "John Carter." This doesn't bode well for Disney's upcoming $250 million epic, "Jimmy Carter."
The Minnesota Vikings lost their playoff game yesterday when their kicker missed a 27-yard field goal. The kicker is now in an undisclosed location, waiting to meet with Sean Penn.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she is confident that fake news will not harm her chances in Germany’s election. In fact, Merkel is so confident she’s going to win, she’s not even going to campaign in Wisconsin.
A new report claims a third of the births in the US are unintended. The study was conducted in the house I grew up in.
Off the coast of Russia, a 200-year-old bottle of booze was found in a shipwreck and it is still drinkable. Of course, in Russia, everything is considered "still drinkable." 
Some private companies are now taking over the reporting of local news. I read all about it in this week’s issue of US News & Zesty Cool Ranch Doritos.
This Halloween, authorities in Colorado are warning families to watch out for marijuana-infused candy.  Teenagers in Colorado said, "Don’t worry, not only are we watching out for it, we’re only going to houses that have it."
The 84-year-old woman who won the Powerball said someone let her cut in line to buy the winning ticket. The man she cut in front of said “it was worth every penny to scope out that ass.”
This morning, the Vatican announced that the Pope is on Twitter. The Pope's only been on Twitter for about 15 hours and he's already called Chris Brown a douchebag.
Donald Trump’s campaign is now saying he didn’t change his immigration plan, he just changed the words he used to describe it. They also said Trump hasn’t been married three times, he’s just changed the person he calls "wife."
KFC is undergoing a $185 million upgrade of its restaurants. Or, they could just pay a kid $25 to paint over the "white plantation owner."
Everyone’s OK, but over the weekend off the coast of Florida, a Carnival Cruise ship almost hit two jet skiers. Today, the captain of the ship apologized and said, "I’ll get them next time."
It’s rumored that in the new "Star Wars" movie, Luke Skywalker returns to the home world of Yoda. At which point Yoda tells Luke, "Skype, we could have."
Today, the Pope spoke to over 100 cardinals and said, "Among you is the future pope." Then the Pope said, "Now Enter the Octagon!"
Justin Bieber’s photo shoot for Calvin Klein underwear is out and some people think his crotch was padded. Bieber denied the accusations, saying, "I just have a really big vagina."
Already filled out my March Madness brackets. I picked “The King’s Speech” over UConn.
The Duggars, of the TV show "19 Kids and Counting," are adopting a 20th child. Not because they wanted one, but because it came free on their punch card.
A new report just came out and it details four different ways Donald Trump could get us into a fight with China. Surprisingly, number 4 is "grabbing China by the pussy."
In Michigan, a funk band has made money off an album of complete silence. You hear that, Nickelback?
A new study reveals that, contrary to popular belief, sex with a pregnant woman will not induce labor. Damn — there goes my best pick-up line.
Donald Trump is challenging Hillary Clinton to release "detailed medical records." This marks the first time Trump’s ever been interested in the body of a woman over 40.
I didn't watch "Sharknado”. It conflicted with my DVR taping of "ClamQuake."
The Super Bowl’s a little loaded at my house - I'm from Boston and my wife is from Seattle. But ladies and gentlemen, the one thing keeping us together is we both want to do Tom Brady.
At this year's Consumer Electronics Show, Samsung is unveiling a television that turns on when you say "Hi TV."  Even more advanced, if you say "I'm so stoned," it turns on the Cartoon Network.
Yesterday, Paul Ryan said President Obama was re-elected because of the high turnout of "urban voters." Then when he was asked how he liked his coffee, Ryan said, "No milk, no sugar, just urban."
It was announced today that Playboys and Penthouse magazines will no longer be sold at Army and Air Force bases.  In other words, the Army and Air Force now have Wifi. 
In California, two women have been arrested for holding a group of men hostage and making them work for several months on a marijuana farm. The men said they wanted to escape but they never got around to it.
France’s first lady is suffering from "extreme fatigue" after learning of her husband’s affair with an actress. I don’t know why she’s tired — he’s the one juggling two women.
New Barbies will come in a variety of body sizes including "tall," "petite," and "curvy." However, due to some controversy, the company has decided not to make "Bootylicious Barbie."
I’m not worried about the stock market, because all my wealth is in individually wrapped bologna slices.
Health officials have determined that the origin of California’s recent measles outbreak is Disneyland. As a precaution, today officials closed down Disney’s popular ride, "It’s a Small Pox World."
Today in Moscow, '90s action star Steven Seagal hung out with Russian President Vladimir Putin. The meeting lasted two hours and then went straight to DVD.
In Florida, a man is having his bar mitzvah at the age of 82. He says he hopes it goes better than the circumcision he had at 70.
Texas is considering allowing concealed guns on college campuses. The guns will protect students against anyone trying to rob them, hurt them, or teach them science.
The head of the company that makes Barilla Pasta has announced that he does not approve of homosexuality. In fact, he said he’s not even comfortable with the idea of a guy putting manicotti in his mouth.
Alec Baldwin announced that he is stepping out of the media spotlight and leaving public life.  Alec said, "I’m doing on purpose what my brothers did by accident."
Authorities say a 67-year-old man in Wisconsin was so enraged over Bristol Palin's "Dancing with the Stars" routine he blasted his television with a shotgun. All I can say is, I'm glad this guy doesn't have TBS.
The Supreme Court is finally going to hear a case about Janet Jackson flashing her breast at the 2004 Super Bowl.  Of course, it's been 8 years so her breasts no longer hold up in court.
Donald Trump has been endorsed by one of the country’s most prominent hate groups. That’s right, his ex-wives.
At a press conference this morning, President Obama accidentally swore.  You can see the whole thing on the new sitcom, "Shit My President Says."
A German Olympic diver did one of the worst dives ever, and got a score of 0.0. To try and save face, halfway through the dive, he yelled, "CANNONBALL!!!"
According to a new study, almost 300,000 tons of plastic are currently floating in the world’s oceans. Even more disturbing, 200,000 tons of that plastic are discarded Bruce Jenner faces.
California Governor Jerry Brown is working on a plan to build two tunnels that will bring water to Southern California. Of course, it’s California, so one tunnel is for flat water, the other sparkling with lime.
The military issued a report claiming that 27% of young adults are too overweight to enlist – and the name of the report is "Too Fat to Fight."  The best chapter is the one about paratroopers called "Too Plump to Jump."
Last night's Astros-Dodgers World Series game took over five hours, and then LA lost. Usually when people from Los Angeles endure something for five hours, at least they get new breasts out of it.
Yesterday, the U.S. beat Italy in soccer for the first time ever.  America hasn't embarrassed Italy this badly since the first Olive Garden opened.
Just ate at Poquito Mas. Not one person there was poquito.
In Boston, a group of nuns is suing the Catholic Archdiocese to get access to their pension funds.  I just want to say, as someone who was once taught by Boston nuns – GIVE THEM WHATEVER THEY WANT!
Bob Barker made an appearance on "The Price is Right" to celebrate his 90th birthday. Although, Bob is claiming he’s only 89.99. 
A new study says drinking more beer could lower women's risk of heart attack by 30%. The study was conducted by the "Institute of Things to Tell That Hot Woman at a Party."
Last night, Rick Perry said that America's Revolutionary War was fought in the 16th century. When told it was fought in the 18th century, Perry apologized and said, "Look, I never said I was a geology major."
According to a new study, frequent sex improves your memory. In a related story, where am I and who are you people?
Extremely hot in L.A. today. Just more proof of God’s plan to wipe out the California Irish.
During the Benghazi hearings, there was one moment when a representative told Hillary Clinton that he could wait while she reads her notes, and she said, "I can do more than one thing at a time." Then Bill Clinton said, "When I say that, I get in trouble."
A senior leader of Al-Qaeda has been captured in Afghanistan dressed as a woman.  People became suspicious when they spotted a man in a dress stoning himself.
Experts are saying the rise of self-driving automobiles will result in more people having sex in their cars. Which will lead to the next innovation - automobiles that self-Purell.
Girl Scouts can now earn a badge for cyber security. That explains why there’s a mysterious $7,000 charge on your credit card for Thin Mints.
A Los Angeles newscaster has had to apologize to Samuel L. Jackson for mistaking him for Laurence Fishburne. He said, "I’m sorry, but everybody makes mistakes, even our great President Morgan Freeman."
This week, President Obama and Hillary Clinton met for one hour behind closed doors. They spent three minutes discussing the 2016 campaign and the rest of the time watching the finale of "Empire."
In a new interview, Daniel Radcliffe admits he once had a drinking problem. Then he realized what kind of money he was making and realized he could totally afford a coke problem.
Analysts say that President Obama and the Israeli Prime Minister have different world views. For example, Netanyahu sees that dress on the internet as blue and black.
The new "Grand Theft Auto" has already made more money than every book sold in the last year. Which explains why, today, J.K. Rowling announced a new book - "Harry Potter and the Drug Dealer Hanging onto a Car Hood."
It’s being reported that over 20 million people interrupted their workday to watch Kanye West's fashion show online. People are calling it the "highest rated hate-watch in history."
A Pennsylvania man is being awarded $870,000 after doctors removed the wrong testicle. Or as he’s calling it, "The ultimate Powerball win."
Moammar Gadhafi's former chef is now claiming that Gaddafi slept with four or five women a day. So now Herman Cain is running for president of Libya.
Twitter is ten years old today, and critics say one of its failings is that, on Twitter, Kim Kardashian has more followers than Pope Francis. Of course, the Pope could fix that with just one naked selfie.
Donald Trump said the GOP should let the US default in order to prevent President Obama's reelection.  Trump said, "Trust me on this, I go bankrupt all the time!"
According to a new report, medical marijuana sales are beginning to rival sales for Viagra.  Coincidentally users of both are often asked, "How high are you?"
According to a new study, the number of car crashes linked to marijuana has risen. Fortunately when the cars crashed, they were all going 8 miles per hour.
Fun party hosting tip: Put dozens of extra coats on the bed. When guests ask where everyone else is, laugh maniacally & change the subject.
The U.S. Census bureau found that only 7% of Americans identify themselves as bisexual. This is shocking news to anyone who watches porn.
It's being reported that Kanye West will have a gay love scene in an upcoming movie.  The scene will involve a mirror and Kanye West.
A new website has been designed to calculate how long it takes Mitt Romney to earn your salary. So from now on, whenever Mitt Romney is running late, he can call his wife and say, "I'll be there in 5 teachers."
If the government does shut down it means that national parks will be closed.  On the bright side, that means no sequel to that Yogi Bear movie. 
At today’s Easter Egg Roll, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer read a book to children. Afterwards, all the kids had the same question, "Who’s Hitler?"
I hope oil stays at under $50 a barrel, because Valentine's Day is coming up.
A high school hockey team was forced to forfeit a game after filming themselves doing The Harlem Shake. They're being charged with "Unsportsmanlike Conduct" and "Being So 2 Weeks Ago."
For the second time in under a week, an iPhone has exploded. Now I want the one that explodes.
Today’s Supreme Court rulings mean that gay marriage is legal in California. Which begs the question: Andy, what are you doing this weekend?
Prince William and his wife Kate have posted an ad for a housekeeper.  When Arnold Schwarzenegger heard this he said, "So it looks like they do want to start a family!"
The Governor of Arizona punched a reporter who asked her about global warming. Afterwards, she apologized and said, "Sorry, I'm a little touchy because it's almost Christmas and it's 135 degrees out."
The $380,000 project to make the world’s first synthetic hamburger was paid for by Google’s founder. That explains Google’s new slogan, “We Have Too Much Money.”  
Portland is planning to offer homeless people a free bus ticket out of town. Of course the problem in Portland is figuring out who’s homeless and who’s just in a band.
An Olympic sharp-shooter from Malaysia will be 8 months pregnant when she competes in her event. The sharp-shooter's first target will be the bastard who knocked her up.
I had a hunch China had passed America as the #1 economy when they started making all our "America is #1" hats.
A man is suing Donald Trump for one billion dollars claiming the campaign caused him "emotional distress." That man’s name is Billy Bush.
A recent report finds that pot smokers get into fewer car crashes than drunk people. Then again, it's easier to see what's coming when you're driving at 11 miles an hour.
Former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, who was videotaped smoking crack, now says he wants to be Toronto’s mayor again. When asked why he wants the job again, he said, "So I can afford to buy crack."
This week, Apple stores are holding free computer programming classes for children. Or as Apple calls that in China, a "job fair."
MTV has announced that this will be the last season of "Jersey Shore."  So I guess we'll never know if they learn to walk upright.
A new study claims that 4 out of 10 Americans are now obese.  The study was conducted by anyone working at a waterpark. 
The Seattle City Council has just decided to classify a woman's right to breastfeed as a civil right.  Also a civil right: "a man's right to watch."
The hacker group Anonymous is warning Donald Trump that it has damaging information on him. Apparently, Anonymous somehow got ahold of all of Trump’s speeches and tweets.
According to a recent poll, First Lady Melania Trump’s approval rating has increased to 52% since President Trump’s inauguration. And her "feel sorry for her" rating is over 90%.
A new poll shows that 64% of New Jersey residents don't care about Governor Chris Christie's weight. Of course that's mostly because Gov. Chris Christie IS 64% of New Jersey.
Those who forget the bad historical movies of the past are doomed to remake them.
In New Hampshire, legislators are trying to pass a law that would make public breastfeeding a crime. However, the bill is being opposed by a strong coalition called "Creepy Dudes United."
Justin Bieber is being accused of throwing 20 eggs at his neighbor’s house.  And two of the eggs even reached the house.
Well I think we finally know what Fahrvergnügen means. It means go F yourself.
Wow, the Cleveland Browns are 0-12. On the bright side, they're still leading in the popular vote.
Scientists have located the section in the brain responsible for sarcasm. The scientists said "Isn’t that just the most important scientific breakthrough ever?"
Bradley Cooper revealed that while attending a dinner at the White House, he once went "commando." When he heard this Bill Clinton said, "Once? I was the commando in chief."
Next Presidential election still 3 years away.  The Republicans are already trying to paint Hillary Clinton as too old to be president.  In fact, their new ads claim she’s so old she could be a Republican.
Twinkies are back on the shelves and people are complaining that they are smaller. Ironically, the people complaining about it are not smaller.
It was announced today that there will be a new Stars Wars movie in 2015. Luckily, by then, Harrison Ford will be old enough to play Yoda.
Today is the first day of Black History Month, which is why President Trump gave a shout-out to his three favorite black people: Ben Carson, Omarosa, and Ben Carson.
It’s come out that Trump Administration Press Secretary Sean Spicer was the White House Easter Bunny in the early 2000s. Or as Spicer calls it "back when I had some dignity."
John McCain said this government shutdown was worse than the one in ’95.  Then, McCain said, "1795."
DOWNTON ABBEY SPOILER: Carson finds an oil of camphor stain on a drawing room divan.
Yesterday, Burger King's official Twitter account got hacked. When asked for comment, people who follow  Burger King on Twitter were too embarrassed to identify themselves.
First my kids stopped believing in Santa. Then they stopped believing in Herman Cain.
A geyser in Yellowstone National Park erupted last week, for the first time in 8 years.  Scientists attribute this to the geyser’s new 19-year old girlfriend.   
Today, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West revealed just why they named their baby “North.”  It turns out – they’re a-holes.
Earlier today, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie visited the White House.  President Obama told him, "I'd invite you to lunch but the deficit is already too high."
It's been reported that the Chinese economy has shown signs of slowing down. Experts say that's just what happens when your work force starts to enter its teens.
New York City is considering a plan to hand out thousands of free tampons and maxi pads to the city’s women. The weird thing is, they’re going to be handed out by the Times Square Elmo.
Some analysts say a Donald Trump presidency could cripple the future of legalized marijuana. And to make matters worse, once it’s crippled, Trump will make fun of it.
The Democrats have apologized for using Mitt Romney's horse in an ad. Still, you gotta love any ad that ends with, "I'm Mitt Romney's horse, and I approve this message."
Donald Trump is now accusing Ted Cruz of having a Canadian passport. Cruz said he doesn’t have a Canadian passport, but like everyone else he’ll get one the minute Donald Trump becomes president.
On the "Today" show this morning, Charlie Sheen said he cringes when he watches footage of his crazy rants from last year.  Sheen said he's moved on and he's now focusing on his new career as a Jet Blue pilot.
Scientists say they are getting closer to developing a pill to replace exercising. Americans heard this and said, "It better come in Cool Ranch flavor."
Taco Bell plans to make Doritos Locos Tacos available in more flavors. The flavors include Cool Ranch, Spicy Cajun and Do Not Resuscitate.
The man on the Quaker Oats logo has gotten a complete makeover including a leaner face, broader shoulders and better hair.  He also has a new life partner, Uncle Ben.
In Maryland, 3 teachers have come forward to claim the Mega Millions lottery and they all said they will remain at their jobs. They want to keep teaching kids that if you work hard and study, it won't mean crap unless you win the lottery.
Just learned that my name spelled backwards is Nanoc, the Eskimo word for “tall redhead who spells his name backwards”.
With Trump offending Hispanics and Ben Carson offending Muslims, which GOP candidate is going to step up and take on the Amish?
At the White House yesterday, President Trump popped out from behind a screen and surprised a group of children. It was officially the least frightening thing Trump has done since he took office.
Another member of Seal Team 6 has come forward to say that Bin Laden was unarmed when he was shot. I think I speak for everyone when I say, "And?"
Last week, to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg, hundreds of people dressed their dogs up like Abraham Lincoln. When reached for comment, the ghost of Abraham Lincoln said, “This makes it all worthwhile.”
It could be worse: Trump could be Instagramming his lunch at 3am.
It has been reported that Florida Senator Marco Rubio graduated high school with a 2.1 grade point average. Or, as it’s called in Florida, graduating with honors.
Justin Timberlake says there will be no *NSYNC reunion during the Super Bowl. The Patriots are upset because now it means they’ll be the most hated guys on the field.
Pope Francis showed up to his first public prayer in a Ford Focus. All I have to say to the Pope is— Good luck keeping that vow of celibacy cruising around town in a Ford Focus!
George Lucas has sold his film company and said, "It's time to pass Star Wars onto a new generation of filmmakers." Unfortunately, the company he sold it to was "Hustler Video."
Russian officials said they may ban the new "Beauty and the Beast" movie because of its gay character. Then Vladimir Putin had to excuse himself for a shirtless photo shoot atop a stallion.
Canada has announced plans to launch air strikes against ISIS. Of course, in Canada, an air strike means dropping pamphlets that say, "Sorry to bother you fellas but could you tone it down a bit?"
It's Hanukkah – and a group of students in New York recently broke the Guinness World record for "most people spinning dreidels at one time." So now the world record is 2.
A new study says that, due to debt, 20somethings will retire 12 years later than their parents. When they heard this, 20somethings said, "Retire from what?"
The wife of Donald Trump’s ethics advisor was caught having sex in a car with a prison inmate. Can you believe that? Donald Trump has an ethics advisor.
Just found out the wife is writing a book about our honeymoon, called “50 Shades of Just O.K.”
Justin Bieber turned 18 today.  You know what that means—he can now be tried as an adult.
Last night, Lindsay Lohan's father was arrested in West Hollywood. After being arrested, he was immediately placed in the county jail's "Lohan wing."
President Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort was charged with conspiracy against the United States. Apparently, his "conspiracy against the United States" was suggesting to Donald Trump that he run for president.
Congratulations to Kate Winslet who had a baby this week. Out of habit, when her water broke, she jumped into a life boat.
At last night's debate, candidates were seated at the table based on how well they've been doing in the polls.  So, Jon Huntsman was seated next to Tim Pawlenty at a Denny's down the street.
South African sports officials have ruled that Oscar Pistorius is free to run competitively again. Shortly after the announcement, he was signed by the NFL.
It’s been revealed that there’s a man in Canada who has 27 wives. He said "the hardest part is waiting for all 27 to go to bed so I can watch porn."
Jeb Bush is planning to release an alternative to Obamacare which is being called "Bushcare." Which is why he’s now being sued by the #1 maker of pubic lice spray.
If NFL receiver Terrell Owens called timeout during overtime, it would be a TO TO in OT. Who says I don’t know football?
Mathematicians are considering getting rid of the number pi and replacing it with a different number called "tau."  After hearing they were getting rid of pi, Kirstie Alley said "Goodbye cruel world" and jumped off a building.
Yesterday, the Chicago Cubs were knocked out of the baseball playoffs. Or as that’s known in Chicago, "The first sign of winter."
John Kasich announced to a crowd in Ohio today that he is dropping out of the presidential race. The crowd overwhelmingly responded "… and you are…?"
To stop the spread of disease, the city of Vancouver has allowed crack pipes to be sold in vending machines. The plan was called “dangerous” by the mayor of New York City, and "genius" by the mayor of Toronto.
A new report says the US faces a severe shortage of doctors. In fact, things got so bad that yesterday a triple bypass was performed by Dr. Dre.
The reality show "Bachelor in Paradise" has been cleared of the assault charges and it’s going to resume filming. The news was celebrated today by ABC, the contestants, and the chlamydia virus.
The audience for the new Harry Potter movie has been 54% female and 46% male.  However, none of the males went to the film with a female. 
The TSA is warning that this holiday season, for the first time, they will open wrapped Christmas presents.  When asked why, the TSA said, "We need a break from looking at your junk all day."
U.S. officials say that ISIS is facing a severe strain on its cash supply. ISIS blames it on poor oversight, economic sanctions, and betting all their money on the Carolina Panthers.
Kim Kardashian’s daughter North has reportedly said her first word—"dada." Supposedly, she’s also been calling Bruce Jenner “Grandma.” 
The US government is one week away from running out of money to pay its bills. So basically, our nation has become Nicolas Cage.
The New York Times published a quote calling millennials, "lazy, narcissistic, and obsessed with social media." Meanwhile, millennials have called the New York Times, "What’s a New York Times?"
Last night, President Obama's speech was watched by 25 million people.  The sad thing is, it would have been watched by 50 million people if he had sung that "Friday" song.
200 cows recently died in the middle of a field in Wisconsin – and no one knows the cause of death.  However, authorities suspect boredom.
Scientists have discovered a new alternative to "female viagra."  It’s called "a guy who isn’t you."
Remember how Mitt Romney strapped a dog to the roof of his car? That seems quaint now.
A man was arrested for smoking marijuana during a Jet Blue flight.  Flight attendants became suspicious when they noticed a passenger actually enjoying the meal.
After his show last night, Charlie Sheen rented out a movie theater and invited his crew to a screening of "Apocalypse Now."  They watched the hero descend into madness and then the movie started.
Tomorrow is Bill Clinton’s birthday. Hope it’s better than last year's, when he looked longingly at the candles on the cake and said "at least something’s getting blown on my birthday."
In Sweden, a landmark case may have made it legal to masturbate in public. You do not want to know how people are celebrating the decision.
Mexican drug lord El Chapo was captured by authorities after meeting with Sean Penn. As a result, Bill Cosby just canceled his lunch with Sean Penn.
Rush Limbaugh has joined Twitter. He won't be Tweeting, he just got hired to replace the Twitter Fail Whale.
While discussing healthcare, a Republican congressman from Alabama said that people who lead good lives don’t get sick. Seconds later, he dropped dead.
A study found that surrounding oneself with beautiful things can make you happier. Which is why I personally handpicked every member of tonight’s audience.
A cyberattack on Iranian nuclear facilities is causing their computers to play songs by AC/DC. Today the attackers said, "If our demands aren't met, tomorrow we'll start blasting Nickelback."
Hillary Clinton’s shortlist for running mate includes Senator Elizabeth Warren, Senator Tim Kaine, and HUD Secretary Julian Castro. Meanwhile, Donald Trump’s shortlist includes "anyone from the cast of 'Entourage.'"
It’s come out that the government has been secretly collecting telephone records of millions of Verizon customers.  Or as Verizon is calling it –  the Friends and Family and Obama plan.
Dozens of NFL players will be appearing in a series of PSAs about domestic violence. No word yet on whether they’re for or against.
Gay groups are apparently angry at Former President Clinton because he hasn't come out in favor of gay marriage.  However, Clinton said he'd be willing to have two lesbians come by and try and convince him.
A study reveals 40% of women have trouble achieving orgasm. Now I’m no scientist, but based on my research, that percentage is a lot higher.
Ted Cruz is just a normal guy with hand sanitizer running through his veins just like everyone else.
On Saturday, Hillary Clinton will receive her first official intelligence briefing as a candidate. Officials plan to tell Hillary about threats to U.S. cybersecurity such as Russia, China, and her.
After the results of his physical were released, many Americans are claiming President Trump is lying about his weight. In other words, maybe he really is one of us.
Happy birthday to LA Clippers’ Blake Griffin. And of course, to Thomas de Beauchamp, the 12th Earl of Warwick!
If the budget cuts go into effect, major airports could face delays of up to 90 minutes. Or as Jet Blue calls it, "An on-time departure."
A Michigan funeral home is offering a "drive-thru" viewing option. Or as they’re calling it, "Jack Actually In the Box."
According to a new study, the average American now weighs 176 pounds.  May not sound too bad to you – But the study was conducted at elementary schools. 
A 100-year-old tortoise named Diego has now fathered over 800 offspring. Which is why today, he was the first tortoise in history to be drafted into the NBA.
Donald Trump said he has asked President Obama to help recommend some of his appointments. Obama said fine, and recommended Hillary Clinton for President.
A 25-year-old has scammed over $1 million from Trump supporters. It’s being called "the first time in years that the Trump name has actually made someone money."
Today Illinois became the 20th state to legalize marijuana. The state also changed its name to Chillinois.
Apple has sent 250 undercover employees to spy on competition at this year's Consumer Electronics Show. So be on the lookout for nerds dressed up like other nerds.
When Justin Bieber pees in a mop bucket, it’s national news. When I do it, I just get kicked out of Home Depot.
Experts say this Super Bowl Sunday could also be the second biggest day of the year for drinking beer. Of course the biggest beer drinking day is a tie between St. Patrick’s Day and the 6th day of Hanukkah. Nobody has any idea why. The Jews just go crazy on that day. Beer and open flame.
David Patraeus was reportedly not well-liked at the CIA. Tip fellas— don't cheat on your wife if you work with professional spies who don't like you.
Whenever I think milk might have gone bad, I ask Sean Spicer to smell it. If he says it smells fine, I know to throw it out.
A man in Canada was caught smuggling $135,000 worth of gold out of the Canadian mint by hiding it in his rectum. Personally, I think it’s a bad idea to go to prison with the nickname "the guy with the golden ass."
McDonald’s now has a special kind of Happy Meal that comes with a book instead of a toy. The book is called, "D is for Diabetes."
There’s a new TV show in Britain that shows people having sex in front of a live studio audience. It started out as a regular talk show, but everyone just really hit it off.
Robin Thicke and his wife have been officially granted a divorce. Although as it turns out, it’s word for word the exact same divorce agreement once granted to Marvin Gaye.
In a recent interview, Justin Bieber said he definitely wants to be married by the time he's 25. All I can say is, Justin, I'll wait as long as it takes.
Bravo is considering putting "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" on hiatus because one of the cast members is in prison. The producers promised the show will start up again as soon as all the Housewives are in prison.
The new Pope has chosen the name "Pope Francis." Little advice for the Vatican, if you really want to make a strong stand against homosexuality, don't go with a girl's name.
New research shows that dogs can distinguish a happy human voice from a sad one.  And yet they still can't distinguish a human leg from another dog's butt.
When asked if he would apologize to Donald Trump for calling him a jerk, Jeb Bush said, "I don’t apologize for it because he is a jerk." Kind of reminds you of the great Lincoln-Douglas debates, doesn’t it?
The Jet Blue pilot who was arrested after a midair meltdown last month, will plead that he was temporarily insane.  Which explains Jet Blue's new slogan, "Don't worry, our pilots are only temporarily insane."
Hi, I'm Conan O'Brien.  And as a safety precaution, you're more than welcome to touch my junk.
A House panel has voted to repeal two pieces of ObamaCare. Specifically the words "Obama" and "Care."
In Russia, President Putin is being challenged by a feminist punk-rock group called "Pussy Riot." And by the way - fun fact; "Pussy Riot" was the name they almost went with for "The View."
Researchers have developed a bionic sports bra that automatically tightens when it senses breast movement. The bra also calls 911 when Sofia Vergara does jumping jacks.
Charlie Sheen visited with the UCLA baseball team on Friday and told them not to do crack.  Unfortunately, his exact quote was, "Hands off—it's mine."
Last night, Donald Trump proposed a strict screening test for all prospective immigrants. Trump said the test would include questions about religious and political beliefs, as well as a swimsuit competition.
Justin Bieber could be facing felony charges after egging his neighbor’s home. In his defense, his neighbor was blasting Justin Bieber music.
I could be wrong, but I think I just saw a commercial without a Who song in it.
A spokesman for Texas Governor Rick Perry said there is a 50-50 chance he'll run for president.  Meanwhile, Sarah Palin said there is an 80-50 chance she'll run.
Donald Trump’s budget director said people need to stop taking government money and get a job. He then loudly cleared his throat while glaring at Ivanka Trump.
Pizza Hut is planning to start adding alcohol to their deliveries. This, of course, raises the question: "Which wine pairs best with terrible pizza?"
Elena Kagan got onto the Supreme Court with no previous judicial experience." That’s what I just wrote on my brain surgeon job application.
Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi is dead.  Even more shocking, he was killed by an escaped Tiger from Ohio.
Only five U.S. airports in the country will be accepting flights from countries with Ebola. When asked which five airports, the government official smiled and said, "Sleep tight."
Some tech experts in Silicon Valley now believe that a robot would make a better president than a human. I don’t know about you, but at this point, I would vote for President Roomba.
In a bid to boost profits, Tropicana is adding more water to their orange juice. That explains their new motto, "Tropicana: We're like the bartender at Applebee's."
The Oscar nominations came out today and the movie "La La Land" got 14 nominations. However, that’s only because 3-5 million undocumented immigrants voted illegally.
There’s a new website that helps you write elaborate works of personalized fiction. It’s called "Match.com."
In Florida, a man was arrested Tuesday for allegedly trapping a girlfriend's mother inside a fold-out couch.  The man could face a year in prison, and a lifetime of high-fives.
60% of Americans say they believe the nation is in a state of decline. The other 40% didn’t know what "decline" meant.
Woody Allen’s newest movie features a middle-aged man who is sleeping with a 15-year-old girl. The movie will premiere at Cannes in May, and be entered into evidence in June.
Today, the Supreme Court arguments regarding gay marriage were interrupted by a man screaming "you will burn in hell." After calming down, Justice Scalia said, "Sorry, I haven’t had my coffee yet."
A retired general is saying that the Navy SEAL commander who ran the Osama bin Laden raid should stop talking about it. When asked for comment, the Navy SEAL said, "Sir, with all due respect, I'm trying to get laid here."
To avoid being spied on by the NSA, Germany is considering using typewriters to communicate. Germany says they may even go further back, and start using AOL accounts.
The roof of the Metrodome, where the Minnesota Vikings play, collapsed over the weekend. So I guess even God wants Brett Favre to retire.
The NBA draft is underway. Can't wait to see who wants a 6' 4" white guy with a vertical leap of four inches.
The president of Mexico has cancelled his planned visit to the United States due to the announcement about the border wall. When Donald Trump heard that the Mexican president was not coming he said, "See, the wall’s working already."
After losing in Florida, Newt Gingrich is now campaigning very hard in Las Vegas.  Newt says he loves Las Vegas because it has two of his favorite things: buffets and wedding chapels.
In Hong Kong the world's first 3D porn film opened. The film is so realistic, three people walked out of the theater with Chlamydia.
Yesterday, it took the Endeavor space shuttle 17 hours to travel 12 miles through downtown Los Angeles. Apparently, it was using the iPhone 5's Apple Maps.
The owner of the Ringling Brothers Barnum & Bailey Circus has become America’s latest billionaire.  He got rich by paying his workers peanuts.
Welcome to our first show of 2011.  Actually, to be honest, it's the first show of 2011 that TBS was willing to air.
The Octomom's appearance at a strip club has been canceled.  Apparently, they realized those weren't tassels spinning on her nipples, those were babies.
Scientists are predicting that in the future, sex between married couples will just be for special occasions because robots will fulfill our daily sexual needs. And thanks to my Roomba, the future is now.
According to a recent poll, Americans like head lice more than they like Congress. But you know—I think the real story here is that some Americans like head lice.
After the game, Super Bowl MVP Joe Flacco announced his wife is pregnant. In response, Dan Marino said, "I can explain."
Senator John McCain said he'll vote for the debt ceiling compromise, but first he'll have to "swallow hard."  Then he asked what was so god damn funny before storming off and muttering, "I hate young people."
It’s rumored that Kim Jong-Un has fractured both of his ankles due to severe weight gain. Kim Jong-Un’s doctors recommend the same strict diet that everyone else in North Korea is on.
Indiana’s Governor Mike Pence said the new religious freedom law is not a license to discriminate against gays. He said, "Think of it as more of a 'Learners’ Permit.'"
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie revealed he has undergone weight reduction surgery.  And as a result, soon I'll be undergoing surgery for monologue joke reduction.
The Toronto Zoo is planning to split up a pair of gay penguins. They are going to split them up by giving the penguins just one ticket to go see "Mamma Mia."
An employee at Subway admitted to putting his penis on the sandwich bread at work and posting the photo. The bad news is he was fired but the good news – he’s now leading the New York City mayoral race.
A man named Zaq is creating his own sovereign nation in Utah that he is calling "Zaqistan." Unfortunately, Zaqistan has gotten into a ground war with its neighbor, the "People’s Republic of Todd."
Today is National Orgasm Day.  Or as Anthony Weiner calls it— “Wednesday.”
A court ruled that James Brown's estate was not being divided up the way he wanted it. Unfortunately it's hard to tell, because all his will states is "Divide up, divide on up."
Man! Justin Bieber is really showing up everywhere to promote his concert film. This morning, he made an appearance in a rerun of CHiPs.
Last night, I was reading "Bridge to Terabithia" to my kids when Chris Christie showed up and shut it down.
I lost $500 betting yesterday. Not on the Super Bowl, on “Downton Abbey.”
White House Adviser Kellyanne Conway suggested that President Obama could have spied on Donald Trump through a microwave oven. Which is why today the Trump Administration brought in six Hot Pockets for questioning.
The rumor is that Maria Shriver was the one who secretly leaked the story of Arnold's love child to the press.  Apparently, she got the idea to leak things secretly from Arnold.
A NY police officer has become famous after a picture surfaced of him giving shoes to a homeless man in Times Square. The police officer said, "It felt like the right thing to do" and Nicolas Cage said, "Thanks for the shoes."
The new Playstation 4 will allow gamers to record video footage of their gaming and share it with friends. All the gamers would need is an internet connection and friends.
Olympic officials said that attendees are tweeting so much it's crashing their mobile networks. Apparently, it's due to all the teenage girls with "Al Michaels Fever."
There are two huge things to watch this weekend—the return of "The Walking Dead" and the Olympics in Sochi. One is a about a group of people trying to survive an apocalyptic environment under horrific conditions, the other is "The Walking Dead."
Scientists have found a 16-foot shark they call the "Colossal Great White." By the way, Colossal Great White used to be my porn name. 
I start every morning with a simple affirmation: I will not murder anyone today.
HBO has had to cancel its horse racing series "Luck" after the deaths of three of the horses. However, HBO executives are eagerly promoting their next big series, "Glue."
In China, authorities arrested a man for smuggling heroin under his foreskin. The man is going to jail, but his penis is now a huge rock star.
On Tuesday a man lost out a million dollar prize on "Wheel of Fortune" because he mispronounced the answer. However, after the show, he did correctly pronounce the word "sh*t."
After studying photos taken by the NASA space rover, scientists are saying that Mars resembles California.  Both have little water, large mountains,  and the possibility of hidden aliens.
The Justice Department ruled that Native American tribes are allowed to grow and sell marijuana on reservations. This decision was hailed as a victory by Native American leader, "Giggling Eagle."
A year after mispronouncing Idina Menzel’s name, John Travolta will again be presenting an Oscar. Travolta said, "I’m very excited to introduce the star of 'The Imitation Game,' Benadryl Cumberb****."
Here in Los Angeles, a couple is planning to get married while waiting in line for the new Star Wars movie. The couple's family is unable to attend because they're too busy being embarrassed.
A new report just came out and it reveals that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie spent over $82,000 on food at NFL games. Christie defended himself, saying, "Hey, both of those games went into overtime."
In Brazil, an inmate escaped prison by shaving his arms and legs, applying makeup and wearing his wife's clothing.  The authorities want him back and his cellmate really wants him back.
Apple announced that in the last year the company has doubled its number of female, black, and Hispanic employees. A spokesman for Apple said, "Do you know how hard it is to find female, black and Hispanic children in China?"
One of the hottest new trends among pet owners is pants for dogs. Not so popular? Thongs for cats.
After winning bronze in speed skating, Russia’s Olga Graf unzipped her suit forgetting that she had nothing underneath it. Officials immediately took back the bronze medal and gave her the gold.
When someone calls me pretentious, the white gloves come off.
Across the country, some Evangelical groups are starting to take a second look at the Bible’s stance on gay people. They’re noting that, if you count Joseph and God, Jesus had two daddies.
A company is now selling "Breaking Bad" rock candy that looks just like crystal meth. The company says the candy is a fun way for kids to pretend they're a terminally ill chemistry teacher who's gone insane.
Scientists believe they are on the verge of coming up with a new drug that could help people live to be 150.  It's perfect for anyone who's ever reached 100 and said, "Please - 50 more years of this!"
On Saturday, the hearse carrying Fidel Castro’s remains broke down and had to be pushed. The hearse was being driven by Cuba’s Minister of Metaphors.
Fox News has forbidden Sean Hannity from appearing in any more campaign ads for Donald Trump. Fox said, "We want to appear neutral while covering the race between Mr. Trump and that Sickly Lying Witch."
Joe Biden said he couldn’t go to the prom but he did invite the girl to come to the White House to meet him in person. When he heard, Bill Clinton said, "that’s how it starts."
During Election coverage last night, Hugh Hefner tweeted, "It's just too close to predict how it's going to turn out. It's scary."  Of course-that's what Hefner always tweets on his way to the bathroom.
Queen Elizabeth is getting a raise, after she played hardball by threatening to take her waving and weak smiles elsewhere.
An NFL player is in trouble for making a comment at a country music concert that is offensive to Black people. His comment was “I enjoy country music.”
In Rome, the search is on for the new Pope. I just want to put it out there— I look really good in a Pope hat.
Over the weekend, the Pope implied that the Mafia should be excommunicated. In a related story, the Pope is missing.
Today at the UN, President Trump threatened to return immigrants to their home countries. After making those comments he got a standing ovation from Melania.
Hockey phenom Connor McDavid is being called The New Gretzky. Current Gretzky must now be called The Old Gretzky or The New McDavid.
Germany is considering going back to using typewriters to avoid being spied on.  It’s never good news when Germany says, "We’re going to go back to our old ways."
Time Magazine has named Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg its "Person of the Year."  Zuckerberg said it was a tremendous honor, and then asked, "What's a magazine?"
A California elementary school is under fire for putting up a Donald Trump scarecrow. Even worse, 30% of the crows still think the Trump scarecrow is doing a great job.
After calling for another ban on all Muslims, Donald Trump said "I have many Muslim friends and they’re thanking me." When asked to name one Muslim friend, Trump said, "I gotta go."
Just found out Spain has its own version of SNL. It’s just 90 minutes of ham tastings.
Fox News has suspended a host after he admitted to sending unsolicited dick pics. Now of course, at Fox News, "sending unsolicited dick pics” is usually how you GET the job.
Now that he's out of office, Arnold Schwarzenegger has been offered a role in a sequel to "The Terminator." In this one, Schwarzenegger travels back in time to kill the person who suggested he run for Governor.
In a new survey, United was named America’s worst airline. Or as United was trying to spin it today, "America’s Fastest Bus Service."
A new article claims that if Abraham Lincoln ran for President today, he could not get elected as a Republican.  Mainly because if Lincoln tried freeing the slaves, other Republicans would say "Abraham Lincoln: Bad for Small Business."
Hooters restaurants have a new campaign aimed at attracting female customers. So far all they’ve come up with is “Lesbian Thursdays.”
The new iPhone is expected to have a larger screen and a better operating system. The new iPhone will be called, "Last Year’s Samsung Galaxy."
The Detroit Police Department accidentally emailed out a list of the bra sizes of female officers.  But relax— It was just  an honest mistake by the guy who keeps a list of his co-workers bra sizes. 
Marvel announced that the next Iron Man will be an African-American woman. However, in keeping with Hollywood tradition, she will still be played by Robert Downey Jr.
I’m trying to convince my Seattle in-laws the new travel ban means we can’t visit them this summer.
Earlier this week, a protestor at Occupy Wall Street proposed to his girlfriend.  His exact words were, "Will you occupy my parent's basement with me until I get a job?"
Donald Trump reached for Melania’s hand and she batted it away. It’s the first time a First Lady has smacked a president since every day of Bill Clinton’s administration.
The Queen recycled a dress for a ball in Toronto that she had previously worn before. Now to Google "monarch+nip slips."
Over the weekend the Kardashians held a yard sale for charity. I went and got a great deal on Bruce Jenner’s first AND seventh face.
According to some analysts, Donald Trump’s support is deeper than it looks. Although others say Trump just took the support he has and combed it over to make it look better.
It will be a major, herculean challenge, but I think I can bring back the weave belt.
In her new book, Bristol Palin reveals that she lost her virginity on a camping trip.  Bristol said she named her son "Tripp" because "Camping" seemed like a dumb name.
Cosmo Magazine is encouraging female students in North Carolina to vote by offering a party bus to the voting polls that includes shirtless male models. That’s right - just as our forefathers intended.
A Baltimore Raven published a complex study in a math journal. The NFL suspended him for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Researchers are saying that men who marry intelligent women are less likely to develop dementia later in life. After hearing this, Kanye West said, "Where am I?"
Now a woman has come forward to day that During Phone Sex, Anthony Weiner Would Orgasm In 30 Seconds.  Man— no wonder this guy’s so good at apologizing.
The Statue of Liberty just turned 125.  When France first gave her to us, Mayor Bloomberg was only in his second term.
An Australian man was arrested for mooning Queen Elizabeth II. When asked for comment, the Queen described what she saw as, "Rude, inappropriate, and crazy­-tight."
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un has been given a new title, "Chairman of the Workers' Party." This narrowly beat out his second choice, "Mother of Dragons."
Tonight’s Republican debate took place in Colorado, where marijuana is legal. Which explains why every single question from the audience was, "Where am I?"
Million dollar idea: maternity clothes, but for beer bellies.
Overheard in 2026: "I know of this one man, he’s so rich, he went to a DOCTOR."
Earlier today, the Senate passed the debt ceiling bill.  President Obama was relieved and said, "Now we can get back to the serious issue of whether or not I was born in this country."
People are wondering why Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were not at George Clooney’s wedding. Pitt and Jolie issued a statement saying, "We’re sorry, we couldn’t find 18 babysitters."
Today is the 11th birthday of Twitter. That’s right folks, 11 years ago, Donald Trump was just writing crazy things on Post-It notes.
A porn website recently said it will plant a tree for every one hundred videos watched.  A spokesperson for the website said, "Our motto is: 'The more wood the better.'"
Buying a decorative gourd is like saying, "Here, let me throw that out for you in four months."
A few days after being accused of liking a porn tweet on Twitter, Senator Ted Cruz dismissed the claims saying, "The left is obsessed with sex." Cruz then said, "And if they want to call me, I can recommend some great sites."
In California, a 98-year-old woman now has 100 grandchildren.  When asked about it, the woman said, "Most of the credit goes to my incredibly slutty daughters." 
A new study says that having casual sex does not kill your chances of having a long-term relationship with that person. The study was published by the Institute of Guys.
An airline will soon offer a first class cabin that includes a three-room suite and a private butler. This new airline is called Not Southwest.
In light of the 150th anniversary of the Civil War, a poll found that 23% of Americans sympathize with the Confederacy.  These people are being described as "not African-American."
It's being reported that Katy Perry may be releasing a 3-D concert movie.  And instead of 3-D glasses, you'll get protective goggles.
Yesterday, Joe Biden flubbed a speech when he accidentally thanked Dr. Pepper instead of a woman named Dr. Paper.  Then Biden apologized and said he meant no disreSprite.
Scientists say chances are good that the California drought will continue into the next year. Or as we say here in Hollywood, it’s been renewed for another season.
It has come out that Clippers point guard Chris Paul will skip this year’s Olympics in Brazil to spend time with his son. And also, to spend time not getting the Zika virus.
Apple has announced it will be unveiling a new, smaller iPad that they say is aimed at women.  Not to be outdone, Amazon announced it will soon unveil the "Vibrating Kindle."
Today, each Krispy Kreme franchise is giving away a free donut to its first 1,000 customers. Unfortunately, it’s not going well since the first customer is still stuck in the door.
Pope Francis is launching a campaign he calls the "Revolution of Tenderness." It’s the first Papal decree in history to be named after a Marvin Gaye album.
In Indiana, a high school chemistry teacher is in trouble for taking his students to a strip club. The teacher said, "I wanted to show them the chemistry between me and Brandi."
Last night’s sit-in by Congressional Democrats was live-streamed and got over 3 million views. Which is why today, Congress got picked up for two seasons on Netflix.
People are still shocked that two inches of snow could cause the entire city of Atlanta to shut down.  But as I always tell the ladies -- sometimes two inches is all you need.
Analysts have calculated that during last night’s debate, Tim Kaine interrupted Mike Pence 70 times. Which means technically, they now qualify as a married couple.
NASA has hired prison inmates to build satellite parts. It's part of NASA's new program to search for signs of life in the universe and then make them our bitch.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was convicted of having sex with an underage prostitute and sentenced to 7 years in prison. The good news is, by the time he’s out, that prostitute will be legal.
Today, Matt Lauer and Al Roker had prostate exams live on the "Today" show. So the "Today" show has finally cracked the code on what people want to see first thing in the morning.
Some media consultants are saying Ryan Lochte should go on this season of "Dancing With the Stars" to improve his image. Lochte will be competing against Bill Cosby and Kim Jong-Un.
When asked about his potential running mates, Donald Trump said he would consider Marco Rubio, Scott Walker, and John Kasich. Or as Trump calls them, "Shrimpy, Stupidface, and Loser."
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has put his post-college resume online. And it worked - he starts tomorrow at Quiznos!
Many Pakistanis are saying that "Zero Dark Thirty" contains factual errors.  Then someone explained to the Pakistanis that "being directed by a woman" does not qualify as a "factual error."
Donald Trump’s running mate Mike Pence said that his role model for the vice presidency is Dick Cheney. To prove it, this weekend Pence had six heart attacks and shot his friend in the face.
A new study has found that beautiful people have totally different life experiences from the rest of you. I’m sorry, I meant, the rest of us.
Does it make me seem more badass if I drink this Sleepytime Herbal Tea out of a human skull?
NASA announced that they’ve figured out a way to put wireless internet on the moon. This is great news for astronauts working on their screenplays.
Brad Pitt has donated $100,000 to back gay marriage.  Today a spokesman for Gay people said, "It's nice to think that Brad Pitt is behind us."
Yesterday, a man was arrested for attempting to get into the White House. Luckily, the man was intercepted after taking advice from Seahawks coach Pete Carroll.
DC Comics has released a new comic in which Superman kills someone.  Then at the end of the comic book, he’s signed by the New England Patriots.
"American Idol" judge Steven Tyler announced he's engaged.  Apparently Tyler got down on one knee and asked his girlfriend to make him "the luckiest old woman in the world."
There are now reports that by next year, Los Angeles could have two professional football teams. It’ll be just like that time we had more than one professional basketball team.
I thought I had a horrible nightmare last night, turns out I was sleep-reading a Kanye West tweet.
The Prince of Thailand has been crowned as King Rama the 10th. So, your "King Rama the 9th" coffee mug is now a worthless piece of shit.
At a red carpet event in Cannes, a journalist from Ukraine crawled underneath actress America Ferrera's dress. Today he apologized and said he was just trying to sneak in to America.
Ryan Seacrest is from Atlanta.  He lived here for years until the entire city told him, "Seacrest Out."
Twenty-two people were awarded the MacArthur Genius Grant today. Among the geniuses were a scientist, an educator, and a guy who got out of the stock market three years ago.
It’s being reported that the Democrats have a plan to "shatter the Republican Party." When he heard, Donald Trump said, "Beat you to it!"
Kobe Bryant has a lot of work to do to get ready for the season. We just played one-on-one, and he only beat me 200-4.
According to a new report, the United States has the most powerful cyberweapons on Earth. Those cyberweapons are Kim and Kanye’s Instagram accounts.
President Trump claimed that the media is not reporting on acts of terrorism on American soil. In response, the media said, "Actually, we think we’re covering your presidency quite well."
It's not easy doing a late-night show on a channel without a lot of money and that viewers have trouble finding. So that's why I left NBC.
Conservatives in Arizona are trying to pass a law that says that life begins two weeks before conception.  So apparently, a lot of my dates went much better than I thought.
In an effort to include gay people, Facebook added two new relationship status options called "in a civil union" and "in a domestic partnership."  Then to make sure they didn't miss anyone they added another option called, "one time in college."
The oldest person on Facebook is a 101-year-old woman.  She said, "I want to waste what little time I have left."
A new book about President Obama is coming out, and it reveals that he can have a very short temper. In fact, originally his campaign slogan wasn’t "Yes We Can," it was, "Come At Me, B****."
This morning, America Ferrera announced the Golden Globes, but the Globes' Twitter account mixed her up with Latina actress Gina Rodriguez. The Globes said they’re terribly sorry, and immediately apologized to Sofia Vergara.
During a speech on TV yesterday, President Trump was heard slurring. Trump denied it, saying, "I save all my slurs for Muslims."
Marshmallow maker Peeps will have fall flavors including candy corn and pumpkin spice. To save time, I’m gonna throw up now.
This morning, New Jersey's 300 pound Governor Chris Christie came out against gay marriage, saying it is not something that he can support. Then the floor beneath him shouted, "You're not something I can support."
I think tickets to “CONAN” is a nice Christmas gift, I don’t know what my staff is complaining about.
In New York, a couple who’s been married 82 years celebrated a joint birthday together. Isn’t that nice? The theme of the party was, "Who Are You Again?"
First Lady Melania Trump decided not to go on a trip to Switzerland with President Trump and instead she visited a Holocaust museum. When asked why, Melania said, "It just sounded like more fun."
This week, Justin Bieber was spotted in China on the shoulders of two of his bodyguards.  People in China kept asking, "Why isn’t that little girl at the factory?"
Bill O’Reilly is vacationing in Italy, and yesterday he was spotted at the Vatican, shaking hands with Pope Francis. Man, O’Reilly really will hit on anything in a dress.
It’s come out that 83-year-old Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s daily workout routine includes pushups, planks, and squats. Apparently she began seriously taking care of her health last November 9th.
A diet pill endorsed by Dr. Oz was found to be based on bogus scientific research. People are shocked that you can’t trust a TV doctor named after a lying wizard.
A medical company claims to have created a blood test that can tell you when you will die.  And the worst part is, it tells you in the voice of Elmo.
There’s a rumor that Cynthia Nixon from "Sex and the City" may run for governor of New York. Her strategy is to reach out to low income Mirandas without alienating wealthy Samanthas.
In the new "Terminator Genisys," Arnold Schwarzenegger’s cyborg character goes back in time to fight a younger version of himself. They tried to talk it out, but neither could understand what the other was saying.
Here in California marijuana farmers are extremely worried that radiation from Japan could affect their crops. Or for some reason maybe those marijuana farmers are just being paranoid.
A Texas state senator who’s opposed to gay marriage accidentally tweeted, "marriage is between a man and a man." The senator said it was a simple mistake, like that time he joined Grindr instead of Christian Mingle.
A lot of people are still wondering if Jennifer Lopez had a "nip slip" during Sunday's Oscars Telecast.  The nipple has generated so much excitement it's been asked to host next year's show.
Two former members of the Russian punk band "Pussy Riot" were detained by police in Sochi. If found guilty, they could be sentenced to two weeks in a Sochi hotel room.
Grammy nominations came out last night—Cee-Lo's song "F--- You" was nominated for Song of the Year.  Cee-Lo said he will sing the song if he wins and will definitely sing it if he loses. 
Toys R Us says one of the hottest toys for Christmas is a weaving loom that lets kids manufacture hundreds of bracelets. When they heard this, kids in China said, "So… how is that a toy?"
In his interview with 60 minutes, Arnold Schwarzenegger said, "You can't run from your mistakes, you have to confront them." Especially if they look exactly like you and keep calling you "Dad."
After the audio was released, the NAACP decided NOT to honor Donald Sterling with a "Lifetime Achievement" award. Instead they’re giving him the "Reason We Still Need an NAACP" award.
During Charlie Sheen's show in Columbus last night, several women flashed their breasts at him. In response, Sheen said, "Oh…those again."
An analyst said that last night's State of the Union address was written so that 8th graders could understand it.  Which actually explains the part where Obama said, "I wasted Bin Laden, LMAO!" 
California Governor Jerry Brown said if he has to, he will fight Donald Trump in court on climate change. Experts say it will be the landmark case of Brown vs Orange.
When I'm on my death bed, my last words will be, "Who the hell put me on this death bed?"
The International Olympic Committee has officially recognized Ultimate Frisbee as an Olympic sport. The news was greeted with excitement by thousands of guys named "Chad."
Huma Abedin and soon-to-be ex-husband Anthony Weiner say that they want to keep their divorce proceedings private. However, Weiner insisted he’s still going to keep his penis public.
Several male politicians have banned a female politician from speaking on the House floor because she used the word "vagina." It's not that they don't want her to say it—it's that they want her to say it slower while unbuttoning her blouse.  
Not sure I’m on board with the idea of "6 Californias." But I am very interested in the idea of 35 Rhode Islands.
In LA this morning, a woman gave birth to a healthy baby on the shoulder of the 605 Freeway.  It's amazing what people will do out here just to use the carpool lane.
Today is Smokey Bear’s 73rd birthday. You can tell Smokey's getting older because now his motto is, "Just Let It Burn - I'm Watching 'Judge Judy.'"
It is now legal for prisoners in California to marry their same-sex partners. So the next time your cellmate tries to violate you, just tell him, you’ll have to marry me first.
China announced it is going to start allowing couples to have more than one child. Which means nine months from now, Apple’s work force in China will double.
Experts say that because of the debt ceiling debate, America's credit rating could be seriously ruined.  On the bright side, the American government was just approved for a Discover card.
In Florida, a naked man broke into a home, emptied out the vacuum cleaner and then pleasured himself. In a related story, Dyson has a new spokesman!
The key to looking young is getting the "right work" done. Just a subtle tweak now and then. Do you like my new hawk wings?
A 95-year-old man has officially become the world’s oldest pilot. He’s also become the first pilot to fly at 25 miles an hour.
An executive at Tinder has resigned following allegations of sexual harassment. The charges came from a female co-worker at Tinder who repeatedly told him, "Left-swipe means left-swipe."
The gay penguins at the Toronto zoo who were separated are going to be reunited. Not permanently – just to watch tonight's episode of "Glee."
O.J. Simpson was in court trying to overturn his conviction on armed robbery and kidnapping. O.J. said, "I'm tired of everyone thinking of me as a robber and kidnapper and forgetting what a great murderer I am!"
For Valentine’s Day, White Castle has transformed into a sit-down restaurant with red tablecloths and champagne served in paper cups. It’s the perfect way to tell that special someone, "You’ll do for now."
A new study reveals that only 2% of men have a penis size that is considered "abnormally small." So ladies, if a guy tells you he’s in the top 2%, ask him to elaborate.
Today, after years of waiting, peace talks resumed between the Israelis and the Palestinians.  Wait I’m sorry -- this cue card is from 1979.
In a new speech about his jobs plan, President Obama described himself as an "eternal optimist." He then explained, "I'm the kind of person who sees the country as half-employed."
In Texas, a family was attacked by a swarm of bees in a town called Beeville. The family said they’re fed up with Beeville, and are moving to Wolfetown.
Hey, it's Jack McBrayer's birthday. Let's all chip in and buy him an indoor toilet!
President Obama is going to host the Pope at the White House. Or as Donald Trump put it, "Obama’s letting yet another Hispanic guy in."
This week, Jewish people all over the world are celebrating Passover. Or as I call it, the Festival of Missing Writers.
Sarah Palin's daughter Bristol announced that she recently had corrective surgery on her mouth. The procedure is being called "the right surgery on the wrong Palin."
Axe is releasing a new body spray aimed at women. Axe says it's perfect for the woman who wants to be turned off by herself.
Donald Trump is now trying to appeal to Southerners. Yeah, he’s been touring the South and pointing to his hair, saying "How y’all like my critter?"
A new study just came out and it found that schoolchildren are using Donald Trump’s words to bully other children. In fact at my kid’s school, I overheard one little boy call another kid, "The Mayor of London."
There's now an app that connects people who want to cuddle. It’s a great way for married women to connect with other married women.  
A former model for "The Price is Right" is suing the show for sexual harassment.  After hearing she's demanding 10 million dollars, "The Price is Right" said, "Sorry, the exact retail price of sexual harassment is 8.5 million dollars."
Nearly 10,000 angry demonstrators gathered in downtown Cairo, demanding that President Mubarak step down. The Egyptian government tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas and when that didn't work, a Black Eyed Peas halftime show. 
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is being criticized because she broke traditional Supreme Court impartiality and said a Donald Trump presidency would be terrible for the United States. In response to her critics Ginsburg said, "Job for life, mofos!"
Oprah Winfrey surprised her audience with a Royal Caribbean Cruise, a $2,400 Philip Stein watch, and a 52-inch Sony 3-D Television. I guess what I'm trying to say is, you people here tonight came to the wrong show.
In China, doctors saved a man’s severed hand by attaching it to his ankle. The patient was so excited he gave his doctor a low five.
A new ballot measure will allow Californians to vote in November on whether to legalize recreational marijuana. Californians will have the option of voting either "Yes" or "Hell yes."
Donald Trump’s official Twitter account accidentally tweeted a photo of him that also had images of Nazis in it. The Nazis are furious.
In an interview, former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said he never knowingly lied to the American people. Then he said, "Dammit, I just lied again, I can’t help myself."
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is charged with having sex with an underage prostitute, will be tried by three judges—all of them female.  When Berlusconi heard the news, he high fived his lawyer and said, "I got this."
Facebook has just added a new tool for finding help during disasters. Unfortunately, then Facebook shows you photos of your friends having a much better time during their disasters.
Nancy Grace is leaving Headline News in October. The network announced she will be replaced by an especially loud leaf blower.
As of this morning, Bernie Sanders is leading Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire, he’s seven points ahead. So screw those emails from when she was Secretary of State, I want to see the emails Hillary sent out this morning.
A Federal judge has ruled that President Obama’s Kenyan uncle may remain in the United States. The judge also ruled that "President Obama’s Kenyan Uncle" is an amazing name for a band.
On Monday’s episode of "The Bachelorette," ABC bleeped the word "clitoris." Now is it me, or are "The Bachelorette" contestants' names getting weirder and weirder?
Tomorrow is Facebook's 7th birthday. Just think – 7 years ago – you were only in touch with people from high school you LIKED.
According to a new study, the Zika virus can be passed on by kissing. Yeah you have to really shove your tongue down that mosquito’s throat.
According to a new study, women are more attracted to men who are depressed. The study was conducted by the University of—ahh, what's the point?
A new study shows that porn actresses have higher self-esteem than other women. The study was conducted by a guy who's trying to talk his girlfriend into making a sex tape.
It’s come out that Russia may have tried to undermine the presidential campaign of Marco Rubio. In other words, Russia stepped back and did nothing.
Bono has apologized for putting the U2 album in peoples' iTunes without their permission. For the full version of his apology, check your voicemail, it’s there.
This weekend, Herman Cain announced he is dropping out of the race for President. Then this morning, in a surprise move, Herman Cain's penis said it's still in the race.
Hey guys, I’m starting a cool new hashtag: #tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber
Today is President Trump’s birthday. Melania surprised him by still living in the White House.
George W. Bush's niece Lauren married David Lauren and her name is now Lauren Bush-Lauren.  Afterwards , George W. Bush said he was thrilled for the bride and even more thrilled he doesn't have to learn how to spell a new name.
On opening day at Wrigley Field, the lines were so long for the men's bathroom, that many fans were forced to pee in cups.  Which is as close to number one as Cubs fans are ever going to get.
The creator of the cartoon Dilbert announced he is supporting Mitt Romney. Meanwhile, the creator of Garfield is still waiting to hear the candidates' views on lasagna and Mondays.
Tonight, Notre Dame plays Alabama in the BCS Championship game. I was home for the holidays so I’ve had quite enough of the Fighting Irish.
The CEO of Starbucks has pledged to hire 10,000 refugees. When asked why, the CEO said, "Starbucks has always been the place for people with nowhere else to go."
Kid Rock is considering running for Senate in Michigan but he may not be allowed to use his stage name "Kid Rock." Kid Rock might be forced to use his Christian name, "Deez Nuts."
Three Southwest Airlines baggage handlers are accused of smuggling drugs in luggage. Officials became suspicious when every single one of the Southwest Airlines bags made it to its destination.
The movie "Battleship," based on the board game "Battleship," had a tough first week at the box office.  It went so poorly, the studio has already suspended production on their new movie, "Yahtzee: The Reckoning."
It's been reported that Facebook pays their interns $74,000 a year. In a related story, our interns get paid in warm Orange Shasta. 
At the economic summit in China, Vladimir Putin is being accused of flirting with the First Lady of China. Then again, Putin does have a history of not respecting boundaries. 
The top choice to replace Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill is Eleanor Roosevelt. So, better luck next time, Iggy Azalea.
Some analysts say that Donald Trump’s business dealings overseas could lead to him being impeached. Or as Trump is describing that, "A season finale you won’t wanna miss!"
A recent study found that a man's sperm count will be lowered if he watches more than 20 hours of television a week. Or – 20 minutes of the "The View." 
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg fell asleep during the State of the Union Address. She woke up to discover the other justices had used a Sharpie to draw a gavel on her face.
Jeb Bush mistakenly referred to President Obama’s daughter Malia as "Malala." When Jeb Bush apologized for his mistake, Malia said, "Don't worry about it, Jethbo."
Prince William revealed today that he changed his first diaper.  Unfortunately, it was Queen Elizabeth’s.
In Indiana, a pizza restaurant is now saying it will not provide pizza for gay weddings. The good news is, only straight people are tacky enough to want pizza at their wedding.
The winner of the Kentucky Derby was a horse named "Orb."  The other horses are now available at the IKEA meatball counter.
A new study has found one of the occupations that has the highest rates of obesity is firemen. The upside is, fat firemen can get cats out of trees by just jumping up and down.
A new report says last year, Colorado collected $44 million in marijuana taxes. Unfortunately, they can’t remember where they put it.
In a new interview, Lindsay Lohan says that, after rehab, she's thinking of adopting a baby. Not to be her child, but to be her designated driver.
Yesterday was the LA Marathon. Actually there wasn’t supposed to be a marathon - people on the 405 freeway just gave up and got out of their cars.
In France, a shipment that was supposed to contain orange juice actually contained a massive shipment of cocaine. Either way, a great way to start your morning.
For the first time ever, "The View" was beaten in the ratings by another daytime show called "The Talk." However, both shows are losing viewers to something called "The Off Button."
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton returned to work today and as a joke her staff gave her a helmet.  This is the second time a Clinton in government has been asked to wear protection.  
Now that that the FAA is letting us be on our phones during take-off, I don’t want to use my phone during take-off.
KFC has released sunscreen that smells like fried chicken. People who’ve tried it say it prevents you from getting cancer and from having sex.
Last night Bill Clinton said the first two times he proposed to Hillary, she said no. Clinton then said, "So let’s stop all this talk about Hillary’s bad judgement."
I just celebrated the end of Lent by eating 22 sleeves of Peeps. My religion rocks!
According to a new study, women are attracted to men with a heavy stubble. The study was conducting by the prestigious, "Institute of Bad News for Asians."
The new "Madden NFL 25" lets you control a player's career over several seasons. I got it just so I could keep repeatedly firing Tim Tebow.
I don’t make New Year’s Resolutions, I make New Year’s Vague Declarations Of Semi-Intent.
At a high school in Texas, a science experiment backfired and the school was evacuated. The "experiment" that backfired was trying to teach science in Texas.
President Obama is in Los Angeles today hoping to raise $3 million.  Which may be why I saw him this morning in the audience line for "The Price is Right."
Twitter is a nonstop series of pointless arguments by people I don’t care about. It's like Thanksgiving.
This week in Tennessee, a woman was accused of hiding $5,000 of stolen cash in her rectum. Today, the guy she stole it from said, "she can keep it." 
Yesterday, President Obama apologized for saying a person with an art history degree doesn’t earn a lot. Then Obama turned to an art history major and ordered a tall Frappuccino with soy.
Rihanna has unfollowed Chris Brown on Twitter.  Apparently, she suddenly realized he was that Chris Brown.
Cher said she will not perform at next year’s Winter Olympics in Russia because of Russia’s anti-gay policies. And also, because she wasn't asked. 
For the first time ever, a gay group will be allowed to march in New York City’s St. Patrick’s Day parade.  Actually the Irish and gay people have a lot in common - they both love six-packs.
A lot of people are mad at Kanye West, because yesterday he tweeted "Gold diggin' bitches be getting pregnant on purpose." Today, Kanye apologized and said I should have tweeted, "Gold diggin' bitches ARE getting pregnant on purpose."
A group of protesters have been outside the Republican Convention dressed up as vaginas.  Which may explain the last minute appearance at the Republican Convention by Bill Clinton.
In Texas, Uber has launched a horse and buggy version of its service. It's the first Uber app that says, "Your driver will arrive in three to four days."
According to a new survey, 1 in 10 men use the Internet to look at porn. The survey has a margin of error of 9.
Rick Santorum has dropped out of the Presidential race. Santorum said he didn't want to try for a "come from behind win" because it sounded too gay.
In California, a 99-year-old grandmother has fulfilled her dream of graduating college. The tough part is, now she has to go on job interviews where they ask her, "Where do you see yourself in 5 years?"
The worst thing about this new iPhone 6S is that it's the exact size & weight of a brick. Wait, crap, this IS a brick. Damn you, Craigslist.
A new implant can tell your smartphone when you're about to have a heart attack. It tells the smartphone two things: "Call 911," and "Erase all porn."
Today, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was giving a speech at the U.N. and a lot of delegates walked out in protest.  Which is a shame, because they walked out just before Ahmadinejad really went off on Netflix.
Amazon announced it’s discontinuing selling products with the Confederate flag. So now Amazon no longer has to use the phrase, "you may also like 'slavery.'"
Yesterday, the Vatican invited 150 bloggers from around the world to participate in a first-ever blogging summit.  When asked why, the Vatican said, "We'd like to reach out to young people without getting in trouble." 
They’re having trouble organizing Easter at the White House this year. Instead of an A-list musician, there will be a military band. And instead of eggs, there’s going to be golf balls and instead of children there will be old white guys.
Hostess has announced that the new Twinkies will have an even longer shelf life. The  CEO of Hostess said, “Let me put it this way – our goal is to make Twinkies outlast people who eat Twinkies.”
Mitt Romney has come under fire for his pledge to eliminate federal funding for PBS. Romney said, "When I'm president, the only rod-operated puppet speaking to American kids will be me."
When I die, I just want my tombstone to read “George Clooney.” That ought to pull in some visitors.
A new study has suggested that a short daytime nap can improve a person’s memory. In fact, you’ll always remember the moment your boss wakes you up and says, "Hey sleepy - you’re fired."
After making insulting remarks about Mexicans, Donald Trump has been kicked off of NBC and Univision. On the bright side, Trump’s hair has a new show on Animal Planet.
With the stock market in flux, the price of gold has shot up to almost $2,000. In other words, Flavor Flav's mouth is now a millionaire.
On Monday, Bill Gates released a video of himself drinking water that was filtered from human excrement. No word yet on whether Gates got into the fraternity.
There’s a US Soccer fan in Brazil getting some attention for dressing up like Teddy Roosevelt and going by the name Teddy Goalsevelt. Much less popular is Germany’s #1 soccer fan, Adolf Kickler.
A new report found that more 19-year-old women are having sex, but fewer of them are getting pregnant. Which explains why, today, George Clooney broke off his engagement. 
Mitt Romney won the Florida primary. Amazing how much better he runs when he's left in the charger for the full 8 hours.
Mattel is developing a Barbie with artificial intelligence that can remember 8,000 lines of dialogue and retain information she learns in conversations. Meanwhile, Ken still just wants a penis.
Anthony Weiner called President Clinton to apologize.  When Bill suggested that he also call Hillary, Weiner said, "Don't worry – I just sent her a text."
According to a new survey, some people are waiting until after Christmas to do their holiday shopping. These people are known as "men."
KFC is testing a new product called the Double Down Dog, get this - it’s a hot dog wrapped in fried chicken with liquid cheese on top. Just so you know, the new meaning of KFC is "Killing Fatties Cardiologically."
Today is Cinco de Mayo. Or to use its technical name, "Drunko de Gringo."
You can tell Charles Manson really loves his fiancée by the way he hasn’t murdered her.
North Korea has opened an amusement park comparable to Disneyland. I'm not sure how long it's going to last because Kim Jong-il isn't tall enough to go on any of the rides.
Just taught my kids about the current U.S. Congress by taking their ball, going home, and crying.
It’s being reported that the IRS is using computer software that is 13 years old. If you want to complain, send an email to IRS@compuserve-aol-myspace.com.
According to new research, the number of obese women has overtaken the number of obese men. Or as that’s being called by women’s groups, "breaking the glass floor."
Hallucinogenic mushrooms were discovered growing in the garden at Buckingham Palace. So maybe the Queen isn’t waving - she’s watching the color trails her hands make.
Law & Order has released a 104 disc box set of every episode of the show.  Now fans of the Law & Order franchise have 2 options: either buy this exclusive 104 disc DVD collection or just turn on your television to any channel and wait 5 minutes.
England is sending the first British astronaut to the International Space Station.  He's the first astronaut looking forward to the food.
A new study has found that watching Fox News can make you more conservative and watching MSNBC can make you more liberal. And watching CNN can make you think that no plane has ever safely reached its destination.
Over the weekend, the Chicago Cubs lost their 10,000th game. The Cubs said they don’t want fans to think about the 10,000th games their team has lost, but to focus on the 100 games they’ve won.
Rick Santorum says he has a "Google problem" cause when you Google his name, it brings up an obscene term.  Fellow candidate Tim Pawlenty said he also has a Google problem—when you Google his name, it says, "No results found."
Jackie Harbaugh, the mother of the two team's coaches, says she would really like the Super Bowl to end in a tie. However, just to be safe, she's got 20 grand on the Ravens.
After Sarah Palin's rambling endorsement of Donald Trump, she failed to show up at a Trump campaign event. Palin apologized and said, "I was fresh out of nonsense."
Today the Olympic torch arrived in Sochi. Vladimir Putin immediately put it out because he thought it was, "Too flaming."
Finally saw Silence of the Lambs. Not that funny.
In a recent interview, former Vice Presidential candidate Paul Ryan said that he does not have a racist bone in his body.  However, Ryan admitted he has three sexist bones and his spine is homophobic.
It's being reported that stories on the internet about Mitt Romney do not get a lot of web traffic.  So today, Romney solved the problem by legally changing his name to MILF Romney.
Earlier today, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave a speech to Arab leaders and she urged them to enact real reform.  Halfway through her speech, Arab leaders looked around and asked, "Why is a woman talking?"
According to a new study, most men would like women to occasionally pick up the check. The study also found that most women would occasionally like to be paid as much as men for doing the same job.
Prosecutors in the murder trial of former football star Aaron Hernandez are now saying his tattoos may be evidence of guilt. Particularly the one on his forearm that says, "I killed that dude." 
Oprah Winfrey is now 50th on Fortune's list of most powerful women in business. In a related story, Oprah Winfrey just released O Magazine's list of "49 Women to Destroy."
New research suggests that the first human beings drank alcohol millions of years ago. The proof is a message from one caveman telling another, "I love you, Early Man!"
Sources say the stars of "Jersey Shore" are demanding more money from MTV before they do a fourth season of the show. The cast says that MTV had better come up with the money – or else they'll take their lack-of-talent somewhere else.
I’m thinking of getting one of those cross-bred dogs but I can’t decide between a Chihuahuaweilleranian and a Saint Bernauzeroodle.
It’s come out that last year, a man was able to get past the Secret Service and speak with President Obama by pretending to be a Congressman. The Secret Service realized he wasn’t a Congressman because he was willing to be seen with President Obama.
Due to Donald Trump entering the presidential race, season 15 of "Celebrity Apprentice" will not air. But not to worry - with Trump running for president, you’ll still get to see an irrelevant B-list celebrity not get a job.
Some people are critical of Hillary Clinton’s speaking fee. The University of Buffalo reportedly paid Hillary Clinton $275,000 to speak. And apparently, Joe Biden got $300,000 not to speak.
This week, President Obama awarded Burt Bacharach the Gershwin Prize.  Ladies and gentlemen, if that doesn't increase Obama's street cred, nothing will.
Let’s just agree any group of three or more handsome British men should be referred to as a "cumberbatch."
A student at MIT designed a refrigerator that runs on water and sunlight. After hearing this, everyone in California asked, "Where the hell did you get the water?"
Scholars have uncovered an ancient document that talks about Jesus having a wife. They've also found a note from Jesus' father-in-law, saying, "Tell that bum to cut his hair and get a job!"
I’m sure the guys Mitt Romney bullied in high school take comfort in knowing he’s now a famous billionaire.
Bill Clinton calls himself a "vegan" but he reportedly cheats on his diet. He also calls himself "married."
DC Comics has introduced its first-ever transgender character. The character is called "Wonder If It's A Woman."
Amazon bought Whole Foods, so soon I’ll be up late at night drunk-ordering spelt.
President Obama told Congress it must raise our debt limit, because the US is "not a deadbeat nation." Then the President added, "By the way – If China calls, I'm not here!"
A private space company founded by Amazon chief Jeff Bezos plans to send humans into space by next year. Or if they sign up for Amazon Prime, by Tuesday.
While he was there, President Trump gave Pope Francis several books written by Martin Luther King. Then Trump said, "In my opinion, King’s best books were 'The Shining' and 'Pet Cemetery.'"
Researchers are claiming that humans can only maintain close relationships with five people. Which should make for an interesting Mother’s Day for my mom and her six children.
California may be releasing thousands of female inmates. Who will write me letters now?
Texas Senator and Tea Party favorite Ted Cruz has announced he’s running for President. He pledged to "lead America boldly forward into the late 1950s."
The coach of Brazil’s World Cup soccer team told his players they can have sex before games. Also, in keeping with regulations, no hands. 
Brad Pitt is now saying that his role in "Fury" taught him to be a better father. And Nicolas Cage said his role in "Ghost Rider 3" taught him that he shouldn’t have done "Ghost Rider 3."
For most of the night Iowa's caucus looked like a three-way tie.  Which is odd because usually a three-way in Iowa involves a farmer, a cow, and an open-minded scarecrow.
At an event last night in California, the Dalai Lama implied that the killing of Osama Bin Laden was justified.  The Dalai Lama's exact quote was, "I love all living things but that guy was a dick."
An artist puking on Lady Gaga is national news, but no one cares that I drooled on Sofia Vergara?
I just learned my intervention is going to be “Town Hall format.”
It’s been reported that President-elect Trump has chosen 4-star General James Mattis for Secretary of Defense. When Trump was told the General had 4 stars, he said, "Wow, that’s a great Yelp review."
A man from Houston is attempting to visit all the Starbucks locations in the world. It's been four years since he started and he still hasn't left Houston.
It was recently reported that the family who owns Wal-Mart has more money than the bottom 30% of Americans. Or as Wal-Mart refers to the bottom 30%, "our employees."
Sean Spicer announced that the Prime Minister of Iraq will visit the White House in two weeks. Actually he arrived today, but he’s going to be detained for two weeks at the airport.
A 98 year old man is being called "The World's Oldest Stoner" because he started smoking marijuana in 1936.  You can tell he's smoked pot for a long time because his bumper sticker reads, "Tell me About My Grandchildren."
The other day in Nevada, a woman ran into a Subway restaurant and gave birth. So I guess everything in a Subway really is made fresh!
Reports suggest that passages from George W. Bush's new book may have been lifted from other books.  Especially the parts about Dumbledore and Voldemort.
Donald Trump said after he’s sworn into office on Friday, he’s going to take the weekend off. Unless of course he has to deal with a national emergency or a "Saturday Night Live" sketch.
The American Cancer Society has decided not to host its charity event at Trump’s resort, Mar-a-Lago. You know it’s not a good sign for Trump when he’s considered too toxic for cancer.
Because Donald Trump hosted "Saturday Night Live," NBC is now obligated to give the other presidential candidates free air time. As a result, each candidate will appear as a tattoo on that girl from "Blindspot"
Today Secretary of State John Kerry visited the small African nation of Djibouti. Or to use the official diplomatic term, he made a "Djibouti call."
Thousands of fast food workers demanding higher wages walked off the job and blocked traffic. The fast food workers said it was easy since "blocking major arteries" is what they do for a living.
Welcome to what critics are calling "a show on television" / "It's an hour long," raves USA Today
In Florida, a couple was arrested for having sex on a beach for 25 minutes in front of dozens of witnesses. That’s crazy: You can’t have sex for 25 minutes.
Donald Trump is making his son-in-law Jared Kushner a senior adviser to the Presidency. Today, Trump said, "I’ve looked into it and nothing’s ever gone wrong with a guy named Jared."
Yesterday in New York, Anthony Weiner got into a heated argument in a bakery.  Apparently, the bakery was mad that Weiner brought in his own cannoli. 
At a fashion award show last night, Kim Kardashian’s dress caught on fire. But the fire was immediately put out by a fire hydrant that Lady Gaga was wearing.
Oprah released her list of Favorite Things of 2014 and one of them is a book that she wrote. The book is called, "I’m Oprah, And You’ll Like What I Say You’ll Like."
Congress is proposing a bill that would give President Obama a "kill switch" that he could use to freeze all activity on the Internet if there were a national emergency. The kill switch goes by the top-secret code name "Microsoft Windows."
I hate being recognized in restaurants, except when the waiter says, “Shall I put it on your tab, Ms. Swinton?”
In response to Hillary Clinton’s slogan "I’m with her," Donald Trump debuted his new slogan, "I’m with you." Then Bernie Sanders debuted his new slogan, "I’m still here, dammit!"
The Miller-Coors brewing company is being sued for labeling Blue Moon as a "craft beer." Meanwhile, Budweiser is being sued for labeling Bud Light as “a beer.”
Rupert Murdoch has decided not to buy the company I work for, Time Warner. In other words, he watched last night’s show.
During Saturday's debate, Michele Bachmann kept referring to Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich as "Newt Romney." Experts say it was the closest she's ever come to endorsing gay marriage.
The CEO of The Olive Garden blames his company's low profits on Obamacare. Which is odd, because most people won't eat at the Olive Garden until they have health insurance.
According to a recent study, 60% of women have faked an orgasm in their lifetime. The study was taken in a place where 40% of women lie.  
The Golden Globes claim they don't have a category for Late Night television, but it sure feels like an "Irish thing" to me.
It has come out that before Ted Cruz was a senator, he defended a law that would ban the sale of dildos. Cruz said, "What can I say, I like being the only dildo in the room."
In an experiment, a robot programmed to make ethical decisions, chose 50% of the time to let humans die. Even worse, that exact same software can be found in your Roomba.
The Statue of Liberty is being closed for a year to make its interior safer and more accessible. In a related story, Paris Hilton had the same procedure last year.
First Lady Melania Trump has officially, as of today, moved into the White House. In a related story, Donald Trump just moved from the Lincoln Bedroom to the Lincoln Couch.
A recent survey found that Donald Trump is polling very badly among Asian Americans. After hearing this, Trump said, "That’s odd, I haven’t even gotten around to insulting them yet."
Pretty soon "The View" is just going to be Whoopi Goldberg, alone, quietly checking her email.
The government has released the names of dozens of products containing fraudulent weight-loss claims.  Some of the products include "Bacon Flex" and "The Ab Couch."
The first Major League Baseball umpire has announced he’s gay. The umpire did this by pointing at himself and yelling, "Out!"
Ben from "Ben and Jerry’s" has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. After hearing this, Chris Christie said, "After all we’ve been through together?"
Researchers have found that several baby shampoos can cause newborns to test positive for marijuana. So moms, think twice before you wash your baby's hair with Pantene's "Green Apple Ganja Stank."
An airline in Asia announced it's selling seats in what they call "Quiet Zone," where babies are not allowed. The people most likely to purchase seats in the Quite Zone are businessmen and parents of babies.
I'd like to go a whole day without hearing the terms "Orwellian" or "Kafka-esque."
Over the weekend at a Bernie Sanders rally, a woman took off her top and revealed anti-Trump messages. Witnesses say she made two good points.
For Halloween, Google Maps has created a Street View tour of the world’s scariest locations. The scariest locations include a haunted castle in Scotland, a graveyard in Transylvania, and the bathroom of a Del Taco.
North Korea said it will test a rocket that they hope will hit the United States. In other words, watch your back, middle of the Pacific Ocean!
Antarctica reported its highest temperature in history at 64 degrees, and there was a blizzard warning in Hawaii. And to top it off, last night, Donald Trump gave a speech and sounded reasonable.
While visiting America, Pope Francis secretly met with Kim Davis, the county clerk who denied marriage licenses to gay couples. At first she refused to meet with the Pope because she was told "there’s a guy in a dress named Francis here to see you."
A man gave a waitress a $1,000 tip so she could take a trip to Italy.  It was an Olive Garden waitress whose dream is to one day try Italian food.
Trump’s biggest accomplishment in his first 100 days has been making it seem like much longer.
Trump Entertainment Resorts declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Or as Donald Trump describes Chapter 11, “Back-to-back number ones!”
Some say the hoax involving Manti Te'o's girlfriend could harm his ranking in the draft. On the other hand, it could open up an entirely new branch of "fantasy football."
A Seattle doctor was suspended after he was discovered sexting during surgeries. Here’s a tip, if you’re going to send a dick pic, make sure it’s yours.
According to a new poll, Hillary Clinton is more unpopular than ever, but still not as unpopular as Donald Trump.  So this election is kind of like asking people if they’d rather have chlamydia or gonorrhea.
Amazon is now making it possible to create a shopping profile for your cat. Yeah, all you have to do is go to Amazon and type in "I am single."
A company has developed a vending machine that sells marijuana.  In a related story, the recession is over.
If your name is cool forwards, it's cool backwards. Case in point: Ksum Nole.
Lebron tweeted that he remembers everyone who's done him wrong. Or more specifically, everyone who told him to grow an Abe Lincoln beard.
The federal government has shut down and 800,000 federal employees are out of work.  Which explains why, tonight, our entire studio audience is made up of park rangers and astronauts.
A study just came out that said men who grow up with older brothers are more likely to be gay. I must say, as someone with two older brothers, I don’t think that’s true and neither does my lover, Barry.
Hugh Jackman says the next "X-Men" movie will be his last time playing Wolverine. Your claws await, Dame Judy Dench.
Republicans in Congress have unveiled a new alternative to Obamacare. It’s called "dying."
Kim Kardashian is saying she wants to avoid the paparazzi when her child is born. Kim said, "There's a time and place for that kind of exposure, and  it's called CONCEPTION."
Donald Sterling has agreed to sell the LA Clippers for $2 billion. Let that be a lesson to you kids: if you make racist remarks to your mistress, you’ll get a check for $2 billion dollars.
The New Yorker sent out Jennifer Egan’s new story one tweet at a time. Similarly, all my tweets comprise a complex nacho recipe/suicide note.
Bill Clinton has been named a nominee for this year's Nobel Peace Prize.   This will be his first trip to Sweden that he can actually tell Hillary about.
Tonight President Obama is giving a major speech on immigration, and his speech will be immediately followed by the Latin Grammys. Under Obama’s plan, the winners of a Latin Grammy can stay in the country, the losers will be deported.
A new book claims that Texas Governor Rick Perry did not win the Republican primary because he suffers from a sleep disorder.  His doctors said, "Also not helping – he's dumb as a rock." 
A woman has named her baby Uber after giving birth in an Uber on the way to the hospital. Even better, the baby gave his mother’s uterus 5 stars!
The Octomom has just finished shooting a porn film. When asked why she did it, she said, "Hey, what's one or two more people inside me?"
During an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Michael Phelps said, "everybody pees in the pool." Then he dropped his pants and said, "But only a champion pees during an interview with the Wall Street Journal."  
President Obama met with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg today. The good news is, Zuckerberg said he could create new jobs – the bad news is, they're all in Farmville.
Yesterday, Washington DC celebrated Emancipation Day, the anniversary of President Lincoln freeing the slaves. Or as the Tea Party calls it, "The day government intruded on small business owners."
Had a good weekend.  I went out and saw the new hit movie, "Harry Potter and the Long Line of Single People."
Hawaii is suing President Trump over his latest travel ban. In response, President Trump is suing Hawaii for "being hard to spell."
Under a law signed by Arnold Schwarzenegger, the state of CA could soon be releasing thousands of female inmates.  Arnold is a genius—now thousands of women who haven't been with a man in years feel like they owe Schwarzenegger a favor.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth has signed a statement supporting gay rights. She said, "Trust me, I'm not the only queen in this family."  
A new report says breast milk bought online is likely to have health risks. This moves breast milk up to #9 on the list of "Bodily Fluids You Might Not Want to Buy Online."
In his withdrawal speech, Jon Huntsman called on the other candidates to end "toxic" politics and stop negative attacks. Then he said, "Especially that fat prick Newt Gingrich."
Former disgraced Governor Eliot Spitzer is running for office again in NY and it’s come out that he once gave a hooker $500 to take care of her sick cat. Well, technically, it was an appointment with her gynecologist.
Friends of Arnold Schwarzenegger say he's doing everything he can to win his wife back.  In fact, today, Arnold burned every single copy of "Jingle All the Way."
Colorado is expected to bring in $125 million this year from tax on legalized marijuana. State officials are going to use the pot windfall to buy the world’s biggest futon.
My thanks to Congressman Anthony Weiner for making my job so easy this week. Now it’s your turn, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
In his campaign against Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump says he’s going to start quoting some of Bernie Sanders’ speeches. Which means, Trump’s opening line will now be, "My nurse is stealing from me."
I consider a hostile work environment any office that has a Karaoke Night.
Tea Party Senator Rand Paul revealed that his presidential campaign slogan is "Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream." Then he introduced his speechwriter, Eminem.
Hillary Clinton’s main task this week is to divert attention from leaked DNC emails and other negative press. Hillary’s going to begin her speech with the rousing first line - "Hey, Look, There’s a Pokémon!"
Arnold Schwarzenegger had a love child with his mistress before he was Governor. This may explain his campaign promise to leave ALMOST no child behind.
Michele Bachmann said that when she's president, gas prices will come down to less two dollars a gallon. When asked how she'll make that happen, Bachmann said she'll hunt down the CEO of Exxon and stare at him.
PETA wants the Redskins to be named after a potato. Which is my family’s solution to everything.
I refuse to play the Masters Tournament until Augusta National admits women. I encourage all other non-golfers to do the same.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford is now saying that he smoked crack "maybe once." The problem is that one time lasted six years.
Because of new austerity measures in Britain, Queen Elizabeth is taking a pay cut.  She's also looking for a roommate on Craigslist.
Photographs have surfaced of North Korean President Kim Jong Il visiting China, but the Chinese declined to confirm that he was there. Experts say, "It COULD be Kim Jong Il – or any number of poorly dressed lesbians."
Yesterday, Charlie Sheen, who's supposed to be in rehab, hosted a Super Bowl party in the room in his mansion that's called "The Porn Room."  In the 12 step program, this step is known as step negative 7.
The author of the new book on the Trump administration said that President Trump is currently cheating on Melania. When she heard, Melania said, "Thank God."
In Oklahoma, a man who was in a dispute with a company says they sent him a "threatening dildo."  Of course, we all know that "threatening dildo" is just a fancy term for lawyer.
Today, Nissan unveiled the "New York Taxi of the Future."  Some of its amazing technological advances include heated seats, reduced emissions, and a willingness to go to Brooklyn.
A 96-year-old man has become the oldest artist ever to have a hit song on the Billboard Hot 100. So, congratulations to David Lee Roth.
Jewish fun fact: If you celebrate Passover on top of an overpass, you go back in time.
Asked about gay marriage, Donald Trump said, "It's not my thing." He went on to say, "Marriage is a sacred bond between a man and a woman he will replace in six years."
Earlier today, Alex Trebek injured his leg while chasing down a burglar.  Trebek insists at no time was he in jeopardy or double jeopardy. 
Everyone’s okay, but a man and his 75-year-old mom survived being lifted out of their home during a tornado by sitting together in a bathtub. The man said the tornado didn’t traumatize him but being in a bathtub with his mother did.
After last night’s debate, Donald Trump complained about his microphone. Apparently, Trump was angry that everyone could hear him perfectly.
Researchers have begun testing the very first drug that could stop the aging process. It’s called "cyanide."
It's been raining so hard that the rain briefly washed the hair out of Justin Bieber's eyes.
A new book reveals that Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel had a key role in the killing of Osama bin Laden.  In other words, if I were you, I'd pay that parking ticket.
A new report in Indiana has found that thousands of dead people are still registered to vote. Which explains why today, Donald Trump held four rallies and three séances.
We’ve come so far; I just saw two snowmen getting married.
Yesterday in an interview, Donald Trump said that the Koran teaches a "very negative vibe."  Then he accused the Torah of "totally harshing his buzz."
One of the voters in the audience last night who says he's still undecided was and African American male. There was an awkward moment when President Obama said, "Bro- seriously?"
Today, the price of Facebook shares fell even lower. In fact, at one point this afternoon, Mark Zuckerberg went from being a billionaire to being "still a billionaire."
The History Channel used to be cool, but they're just stuck in the past.
According to a UN study, the happiest country in the world is Switzerland. When asked why they are so happy, Swiss people couldn’t answer because their hands were counting money and their mouths were full of chocolate.
This Chick-fil-A scandal has got me worried. I want to go to Arby’s but I don’t know where they stand on the unrest in Syria.
Chris Brown got a tattoo of what looks like a picture of Rihanna on his neck. Brown said, "The tattoo comes in handy when people can't remember why they hate me."
I know you’re not supposed to yell "Fire" in a theater, but since when am I not supposed to yell "Pooty Tang?"
Although Hillary Clinton was cleared of charges in the investigation of her deleted emails, her actions were described by the FBI as "extremely reckless." However in her defense, the report pointed out that she was Hillary reckless, not Bill reckless.
Some say Steve Bannon is the real president, others say he's a Galapagos marine iguana.
Hillary Clinton was on last night's Grammys. Hillary lost to Bruno Mars, despite beating him by 3 million votes.
The first active NBA player has come out as gay. Now the Lakers want to sign him so they'll have someone who knows how to score with men.
This week is the 43rd anniversary of the first cell phone call. Historians still don’t know which movie theater it took place in.
A newspaper in China is going on strike to protest the government's censorship. Or as China's other newspapers reported it, "Everything is fine - Get back to work."
In Germany, Ivanka Trump told a crowd that her father is a "champion of supporting families" and she got booed. Ivanka said she was surprised, she has always been told to open with a joke.
In honor of Cinco de Mayo, Donald Trump tweeted a picture of himself eating a taco bowl. Then, Trump tried to get Mexico to pay for it.
Former Fox News host, Glenn Beck, is developing an animated TV series with a writer from "The Simpsons." The show is going to be called "Apu Gets Deported."
Kim Kardashian announced that she and Kanye are not yet married because they are working on their prenup.  Apparently, both sides are fighting over whether the marriage should last 3 months or 4 months. 
A 9-year-old girl was nominated for an Oscar - making her the youngest nominee ever.  She says she's dreamed of winning an Oscar ever since last week. 
If the news gets any worse, the home page of Drudge Report is just going to be a giant skull on fire.
Watched “Boardwalk Empire” last night. Needs more Snooki.
Yesterday, Bernie Sanders was a guest on "The View." There was an awkward moment where Bernie looked around and said "Where’s that MILF Barbara Walters?"
This week, Hillary Clinton tweeted, "The earth is round, the sky is blue, and vaccines work." In response, Mike Huckabee said, "She lost me at 'The earth is round.''
Today, North Korea raised a missile to an upright position and then later tucked it back in its launcher. North Korea did all this after its wife went to bed. 
A US brewery has apologized for using Mahatma Gandhi's image on its beer. The beer is so strong, after one beer you look at Gandhi and say, "Who's the hot bald chick with the glasses?"
More and more facts are coming out about Chinese leader Hu Jintao – and apparently he is excellent at table tennis and has a photographic memory.  He's also very very good at reinforcing stereotypes.
A man in Albuquerque has registered his dog to vote.  Apparently, the dog likes the current administration, but he's just not sure he wants another 28 years of Obama.
We can all help cure our dependence on foreign oil by becoming depressed and sleeping most of the day.
It's true Lindsay Lohan did flee the scene after a car accident. Lohan apologized, saying she was late for a car accident across town.
The latest trend in Colorado is marijuana-themed weddings. You know you’re at a pot-themed wedding when the guests start eating the rice.
A college student has launched a group called "African Americans for Romney."  Although, after a few days, he was forced to change the name to "That Black Guy for Romney."
Just saw that movie "Oblivion". Apparently everyone in the future is either really good looking or Morgan Freeman.
There's a new Internet search engine that's been developed and it looks only for online porn. It's called "Google."
In her new book, Hillary Clinton said she has "moved on" from the Monica Lewinsky scandal.  For more, read Bill Clinton’s new book, "No, She Hasn’t." 
A doctor is being accused of illegal lion hunting in Zimbabwe. Here’s my question: whatever happened to golf?
I just learned that "Machu Picchu" is Incan for "Overpriced Key Chains."
Yesterday, burglars broke into Kanye West's home.  As a result, 500 marble statues of Kanye West are missing. They're nudes, all of them.
As of tomorrow, Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum will all get Secret Service protection. Meanwhile, Ron Paul is going to get a can of mace and a rape whistle.
LOL and OMG have officially been added to the Oxford English Dictionary.  Hey Oxford English Dictionary – WTF???
Experts say the US soccer team has a less than 1% chance of winning the World Cup, and even their coach has said winning is not realistic. All of which sounds like one hell of a pre-game pep talk.
Happy Halloween everybody! Hope you all like my costume tonight - I’m dressed as "Slutty Talk Show Host."
Genealogy experts say that Prince Harry and his fiancée Meghan Markle are actually distant cousins. After hearing they were related, Queen Elizabeth finally gave the couple her blessing.
The Tesla car company is upset after George Clooney publicly badmouthed his Tesla. In fairness, Clooney said it’s hard for him to stay excited about anything he rides for more than six weeks.
Today, Cuban President Raul Castro asked President Obama to return ownership of Guantanamo Bay to Cuba. Obama agreed, but only if Cuba takes Florida.
A new study claims that having a sexist father can put a damper on the daughter's ambitions. In other words, don't expect big things from Ashley Ahmadinejad.
While in New York City, President Obama and Vladimir Putin met and the meeting was described as "awkward." Apparently Obama was upset that Putin looks nothing like his Tinder photo.
After winning in South Carolina, Donald Trump boasted that he got the votes of "tall people, short people, fat people" and "skinny people." Then Trump said he "got some votes in a box" and "some votes from a fox."
Some Taco Bell restaurants are testing out new breakfast tacos. Taco Bell said their breakfast tacos are perfect for people who are starting their day stoned.
Border's book store is going to be liquidated after failing to receive a single bid to buy the company.  Apparently, all the potential investors who showed up just hung around inside for a while, hoping to use the bathroom.
China will soon begin casting  for its own version of "Saturday Night Live." Apparently it's so much like SNL, even the Chinese version won't have any Asian performers.
Trump is to US Presidents as Godzilla is to US Presidents.
Researchers have published a letter from a Harvard student in 1743 asking his parents for money. On the bright side, just this year his student loans were finally paid off.
Baskin Robbins introduced a new ice cream flavor called "Ice Cream Nachos."  They came up with the idea yesterday at 4:20.
Last week in Chicago, Kanye West had to close a restaurant he owned.  Apparently, the food was terrific but people were afraid that Kanye might show up.
In China, for the first time ever, a robot performed dental surgery without human assistance. Everyone was excited until they remembered that the robot was just supposed to vacuum the living room.
One of the contractors who built the Obamacare website testified before Congress today. You can tell he built the site because any time he was asked a question, he would freeze.
It’s been 48 hours since the election - I’m happy to report, the healing has begun. I just unblocked three family members on Facebook.
Today Donald Trump called on Bernie Sanders supporters to support him instead. Trump said, "Ignore my policy positions, just focus on my New York accent and crazy hair."
Ted Cruz is being accused of having affairs with five different women. And five different women are being accused of having terrible taste in men.
In Canada, a man named Donald Popadick was arrested for indecent exposure. At least that’s according to the witness, Jennifer YouCallThatADick?
It's being reported that, for the 2012 election, Republicans are trying hard to woo Jewish voters away from President Obama. For example, instead of talking about "Cutting taxes," they're using the phrase "giving taxes a briss."
There is an anti-circumcision comic book out now and it features a superhero called, "Foreskin Man."  Trust me, you don't want to see his cape.  
A new study shows that women reach orgasm more easily when their lover's penis exceeds the average size of 5.8 inches.  Meanwhile, a man reaches  orgasm more easily when the woman isn't trying to measure his penis.
It's starting to look like the Russia investigation will finally bring Trump down. And by bring down, I mean get him reelected.
Sinead O'Connor got married for the fourth time! In her vows, she said, “Only three other guys have compared 2 U.”
For the Atlanta Braves opener, 45,000 fans were each given a foam tomahawk. Which is really weird because "the foam tomahawk" was my porn name.
In Maryland, over 50 people rioted during a Little League game for 7 and 8 year olds. The riot ended with everyone lining up, high fiving each other and saying, "Good riot, good riot, good riot…."
If there is a government shutdown, most of the White House staff will be sent home.  Which means there’ll only be nine guys whose job it is to keep Joe Biden away from the President.
Scientists have found a way to cure marijuana addiction. Now all they have to do is find someone who wants to be cured of marijuana addiction.
In Thailand, monkeys raided a polling station and tore up the voter lists. So Thailand has the second craziest election in the world right now.
McCain called the Tea Party “Hobbits” & the Tea Party called McCain a “troll.” I’m finally starting to understand this debt ceiling thing.
CVS Pharmacy has recalled some herbal teas that might be infected with the salmonella virus. So whatever you do don’t drink the tea called, "Permanent Sleepytime."
During a recent mass, Pope Francis said that married people should have more kids. When asked for comment, married people said the Pope should "have a kid, and then get back to us."   
In a new interview, Mitt Romney's wife says her husband loves caffeine-free Diet Coke.  Or as it's known in the Mormon community, "The ultimate gateway drug."
The most exciting part of Easter egg hunts at my house is when suddenly the hunted become the hunters.
According to pictures on Twitter, Snooki is getting ready for bikini season. So if you're at the beach, that's not an orange buoy. 
During the Super Bowl, Quicken Loans debuted a new app that lets people get a mortgage instantly on their phones by just tapping the screen. The app is called, "What could possibly go wrong?"
Every year I ask for "World Peace" and I never get it, so f*** it, I want wireless headphones!
Hillary Clinton released a video announcing her candidacy for President featuring a gay couple. Then an hour later, Bill Clinton watched a very different video featuring a gay couple.
Martha Stewart has admitted to a threesome. Actually, the second guy was only there to iron the sheets afterwards.
It's 12-12-12. 12-12-12 is not only the date- but also the results from the Kardashian sister's IQ test.
Now that Don't Ask Don't Tell has been repealed, The Marines said they want to recruit the most gay soldiers of any branch of the military. When the Navy heard this, they said, "Oh, bitch, it is on."
The police are saying one of the escaped convicts in upstate New York is very well-endowed. He’s being described as "armed and...woah, that’s not an arm!"
A police officer in London is in trouble for allegedly slipping references to songs into his official reports. Authorities became suspicious when they read the part that said "Time of Death: I like big butts and I cannot lie."
The FDA is expected to approve the so-called "female Viagra." Its scientific name is "Flibanserin," or as it’s better known to you, "tequila."
Wisconsin Democrats are accusing Mitt Romney of handing out free sub sandwiches in exchange for votes.  Which explains why today, Newt Gingrich voted for Mitt Romney.  Seven times.
Happy President's Day. Or as it's being called in the Middle East, "Happy Overthrow Your President's Day."
For Christmas, The First Lady Michelle Obama said both her daughters asked for money. Or, as Fox News reported it, "Obama Gives More Handouts to the Unemployed."
Kim Kardashian has a new iPhone app that experts say could make her $200 million dollars this year. But keep in mind she has to give 10% to her agent, 10% to her manager, and 10% to Satan.
The head of banking giant JP Morgan has apologized for losing over 2 billion dollars in a bad trade.  This morning he said, "Hey, it could have been worse, we could have signed Albert Pujols."
Daniel Radcliffe admitted he's had sex with Harry Potter groupies.  His exact quote was, "I put my wand in their Chamber of Secrets."
The governor of Hawaii said he first met President Obama just days after he was born.  He knew it was Obama, because he kept pointing to his diaper and calling for "change." 
Yesterday, Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson was giving a television interview and was unable to name a single foreign leader. Hmmm… sounds like SOMEONE wants to be Donald Trump’s Secretary of State.
Work has begun at Chernobyl on a giant concrete and steel arch that’s going to cover the site of the reactor that exploded in 1986. Even crazier, they want to make Mexico pay for it.
A new study reveals 1/3 of babies in the US have used a smartphone. And 1/3 of babies in China have made a smartphone.
There is reportedly a shortage of turkeys this Thanksgiving. So it’s official, even turkeys don’t want to spend Thanksgiving with your family.
The gift bags from the MTV Video Music Awards included condoms and Hot Pockets. Let’s hope nobody confused the two.
Today is Governor Chris Christie's 50th birthday. Sadly he ate the cake before the poor girl had a chance to jump out it.
Due to the drought, officials are urging people in California to take common-sense measures like showering less. However, they might change their minds on that after this weekend’s Comic-Con.
Boxing champ Floyd Mayweather posted on his Instagram that a half dressed woman is “asking to be disrespected.” This from a guy who wears only shorts to work.
I think a supercut of Tom Cruise running at top speed could be the cure for male infertility.
A new study shows that germiest place in your kitchen is the refrigerator's vegetable drawer.  After hearing this, most Americans said, "We have a vegetable drawer?"
My father-in-law just found out I’m that "Conan O’Brien."
In New Jersey, a woman working at a Dunkin' Donuts was arrested for prostituting herself to customers. Her rates were $200 an hour, and an extra 50 bucks for sprinkles.
Donald Trump is polling so badly with women that at a rally last night, he had his wife Melania introduce him. 'Cause if there’s one thing that’s guaranteed to get American women on your side, it’s a foreign model who’s married to a billionaire and never has to work.
A spokeswoman for Roy Moore has defended him, saying there are plenty of women in Alabama that he didn’t sexually abuse. She said, "We prefer to look at the glass as 'half-ungroped.'"
A new study found that public pools contain much more diarrhea than previously thought. So enjoy your Memorial Day Weekend, everybody!
Ford has unveiled a self-driving car that can see you in the dark without headlights. So make sure and check out the 2016 "Ford Perv."
Republicans are blaming President Obama for creating Donald Trump. While others say he was created in a lab when a young real estate developer was bitten by a radioactive douchebag.
Liam Neeson denied he made a remark that he was converting to Islam. You can see it all in the new action thriller, Taken…Out of Context.
It just came out that the McRib sandwich is not actually made from rib meat. In fact, the McRib's original name was the "Mc-Stuff-That-Didn't-Make-It-Into-The-McNugget."
“What drought?” – Lizards
Chris Christie was kicked out of the Amtrak quiet car for talking on his phone. Then Christie was kicked out of the dining car for "crimes against pretzel bags."
Researchers say much of Florida could be underwater by the end of the century. On the bright side, they say it could happen much sooner.
According to a new poll, 42% of Americans say they are uncomfortable with the idea of having a Mormon president. When asked why, the people said, "Because we're still getting used to having a Muslim president."
In Georgia yesterday, Honey Boo Boo's mother married her long-time fiancé Sugar Bear. Guests described the ceremony as "gross."
According to a new study, having a medical marijuana facility in the neighborhood does not lead to an increase in crime. That is, unless you consider it a crime to watch 13 straight hours of "Saved by the Bell."
Periscope like no one is watching.
Bill Nye the Science Guy appeared on Fox News and debated a FOX anchor on climate change.  Which probably explains his new nickname, "Bill Nye, the Communist Muslim Guy."
U.S. employers just added 157,000 jobs to the economy. Of course, most of those were back up dancers for Beyonce.
One of the latest trends is "Starbucks Weddings." They occur when the Starbucks line is so long you actually have time to meet someone, fall in love and marry.
For Father’s Day, I’m going to bring a smile to my Dad’s face by calling him and pretending to be one of my other brothers.
Hillary Clinton has asked "Shark Tank's" Mark Cuban to attend tonight’s debate. Trump was furious and said, "A billionaire reality star has no business being at a presidential debate."
Donald Trump met with 200 House Republicans who were described as "nervous." And following the meeting, many of them were described as "Democrats."
Today, the Olympic torch entered Ireland.  The torch was only in Ireland for three hours, but somehow it managed to punch a cop and get two girls pregnant.
Mickey Rourke says he is removing his two front teeth for an upcoming movie role.  The movie is called, "The Mickey Rourke Story."
Earlier this week, pitcher Cliff Lee turned down a $154 million contract with the Yankees in favor of a much smaller contract with the Philadelphia Phillies. Unfortunately, this left the Yankees with no choice but to buy the Phillies.
Yesterday was Cyber Monday, where Americans spent billions of dollars while shopping online. And tomorrow we’ll be celebrating What The Hell Is All This Shit Wednesday?
I can’t believe we’re almost four years away from someone using “Gangnam Style” as a deliberately outdated comedy reference.
The Obama campaign is releasing a new ad showing Americans whose financial situation has improved over the past 4 years. Unfortunately, the only person who appears in the ad is Mitt Romney.
This week President Obama will participate in a town hall meeting hosted by Facebook. In other words, just like everyone else in America, Obama will be on Facebook when he should be working.
A new poll says that most Democrats think that Anthony Weiner has basically lost his mind.  Weiner said, “The important thing is, I haven’t lost my phone.”
According to a new survey, almost 10% of women lie about the size of their breasts. Which is why I always carry around measuring tape.
The movie "Lincoln" came in third at the box office this weekend. However, experts agree it's still not Lincoln's worst time at the theater.
Michele Bachmann took first place in the Iowa Straw Poll.  Michele says she hasn't been this excited since she won last year's "Who's Crazier Than Sarah Palin" contest.
Last week Nike suspended Ray Rice’s contract, and today they suspended Adrian Peterson’s contract.  Now Nike is down to Oscar Pistorius and Kim Jong Un.  
President Trump is now claiming his approval rating among black Americans has doubled. In other words, Ben Carson voted twice.
A new study shows that 72% of shopping carts contain traces of fecal matter. Oh my God, they’re on to me.
I found the iPad 3 announcement especially disappointing because I’m still standing in line for my iPad 2.
This weekend, after winning three gold medals in Rio, Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt was caught cheating on his girlfriend. Here's how fast Bolt is: the woman he slept with last weekend is already four months pregnant.
Wow, time flies. It’s hard to believe that there are only 15343474788 more baseball games to go in the regular season!
A man who fell overboard off a Royal Caribbean cruise ship was rescued hours later by a Disney cruise ship. The Disney ship was playing the Frozen soundtrack, so he immediately jumped back overboard.
Today, the woman who claims she had a 13-year affair with Herman Cain says it was not a "sex for cash" relationship. She described it as more of a "sex for pizza" relationship.
A couple obsessed with Facebook named their child "Like" after the website's "Like" button. Still sounds like she got a better deal than her older brother, "Poke."
While on his way to board a flight, President Obama gave a fist-bump to a 4-year-old boy. Or, as it was reported by Fox News, "President punches child, then flees on private jet."
When President Obama stopped at a diner yesterday in Colorado, a young female college student accidentally spilled yogurt on him.  After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "Of course, yogurt—that's what I should have said."
Jonathan Knight, member of New Kids on the Block, recently admitted that he's gay.  So 1 down – 4 to go.
New photos have been released of Justin Bieber serenading his grandma in the nude. When reached for comment, Bieber’s grandma said, “Isn’t my granddaughter adorable?”
A chair-throwing brawl erupted in the Turkish Parliament. The session was eventually called to order by Turkish Prime Minister Jerry Springer, so everything’s fine.
Today, the San Diego Chargers announced they are moving to Los Angeles. The owner of the Chargers said, "What can I say, we really loved La La Land!"
Last night, Lady Gaga arrived at the Grammys in what some people are describing as a carriage shaped like a giant egg. Lady Gaga says she didn't want to take the egg carriage – but her bacon truck would not start.
As of now, the US is leading China in both number of gold medals and number of total medals.  In response, China said, "That's nice but we still have all your money."
A Vermont candy maker is hiding three golden tickets in its chocolate bars, and whoever finds them is going to win free parking. This is of course inspired by that classic children’s story, "Charlie and the Municipal Parking Ordinance."
Bachelorette party planners: make sure to buy chocolate penises with at least 65% cocoa if you want the antioxidant benefits.
A cruise line is offering a so-called, "Cougar Cruise" for women in their forties and fifties and much younger men.  The cruise will get underway as soon as a man signs up.
Here in Los Angeles, a maintenance worker has been arrested for placing hidden cameras inside fitting rooms at Sears.  The cameras revealed some really embarrassing footage, women in Sears clothing. 
According to a new study, 34% of men say they have faked an orgasm. The study was conducted by the Institute of Women Who Don't Really Know How a Penis Works.
A French woman has written a new book on celibacy called, The Art of Sleeping Alone.  So apparently, I was an artist until I was 29.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been named the most powerful woman in the world. In a related story, Jay-Z has left Beyoncé for Angela Merkel.
Amazon.com is rumored to be working on what they describe as Netflix for books—where you can pick a book from their collection, read it, and then return it. Amazon said they are going to call this amazing service "the library."
A Vatican cardinal has said Jesus was the original tweeter. I don’t know how popular he was— he only had 12 followers.
I am officially suggesting Andy Richter become the new Speaker of the House. He already has a podium and he LOVES telling people to shut up.
Right now someone at DC Comics is saying, "Crap, we’re really going to have to go through with this Aqua-Man movie, aren’t we?"
A member of Marco Rubio’s inner circle said his boss benefitted from the Trump-Cruz fight because, "Marco is everyone’s second choice." That explains Rubio’s new campaign slogan, "I’m the Least Worst."
Jeb Bush just welcomed his fourth grandchild. The new Bush grandchild is happy, healthy, and will be running for President in 2048.
Just think, pretty soon we'll have self-driving cars to masturbate in.
“One if by land and two if by sea” refers to my bathroom habits on trains and ships.
A prominent gay magazine has named Salt Lake City, "the gayest city in America." In fact, as of now, the Utah Jazz will be known as the Utah Jazz Hands.
President Obama said he hugged and kissed some of the nurses in Atlanta who had treated the patients with Ebola. Man, Obama will do anything to get out of that job right now.
President Obama said that the bin Laden raid in Pakistan was "the longest 40 minutes" of his life.  With the possible exception of every time he asks Joe Biden, "Hey, what's up?"
Astronomers announced that they have found a second red spot on Jupiter. They believe the new spot is a result of hooking up with Neptune.
Today is Columbus Day.  Finally, a chance for government workers to catch a break and stay home with their families.
On this date in Ancient Rome, Caesar was brutally killed moments after inventing the salad.
Eight more days of Lent, then it’s back to chocolate, bourbon, and Lady Boxing on Pay-Per-View.
The automatic budget cuts could lead to a huge drop in food inspections.  So be careful – if you eat at the Olive Garden, your meal may contain trace amounts of Italian food.
I don’t even trust real clouds anymore.
LeBron James and his wife have just welcomed a new baby. The baby was born in Cleveland, but plans to move to Miami if it gets a better offer.
Over the weekend, two men got engaged at the White House. So I guess the talks between Obama/Boehner are going better than expected.
In a new interview, Sarah Palin refused to endorse Chris Christie.  Afterwards, Christie told Palin, "Thanks — I owe you one."
Donald Trump is now leading Hillary Clinton by 28 points with white voters without a college degree. However, Hillary is ahead by 98 points with voters who went to Trump University.
Larry King’s retiring after hosting “Larry King Live” for 25 years. Personally, I think hosting anything longer than seven months is overkill.
This year's season of "Jersey Shore" takes place in Italy. Without giving away too much, I had no IDEA the Pope even had a hot tub.
All I want for Christmas is a cat-fight between Flo the Progressive Lady and Lily the AT&T Lady.
Chicago has approved a $500 million renovation for the Chicago Cubs' Wrigley Field. The upgrade will include a new video screen, enhanced lighting, and an entirely different baseball team.
Mitt Romney is not backing down from his statement that America's, "number one foe," is Russia. Then, he said America's number one band is "Duran Duran" and number one movie is "The Goonies."
I hear that in order to expand “The Hobbit” into a trilogy, they incorporated some of my pornographic Gandalf fan fiction.
Today a Los Angeles judge told Lindsay Lohan that she's doing great with her probation and will soon be in the clear.  Then the judge looked down and said, "Hey, who stole my gavel?"
Getting so tired of strangers on the street hugging me and calling me Arsenio.
The opening game of the World Series is here in Los Angeles and it’s 104 degrees outside. So think of this while none of us are at the World Series, at least we have air conditioning.
Over the weekend in New Orleans, Nicolas Cage was arrested for being drunk and arguing loudly with his wife over whether a house they were in front of was theirs or not. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say, "It wasn't."
Yesterday, Texas Senator Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship. That’s right Canada, we took Ted Cruz back, so now take back Justin Bieber.
Fast food chain Jack-in-the-Box has recently come out with a "bacon milkshake."  Which probably explains Jack-in-the-Box's new slogan, "Death to America." 
Earlier today, President Obama went on "The View."  He went on "The View" because they're the only group of women the President trusts his Secret Service agents to be around.
A man in California recently rented the movie "Smurfs 2" but wound up with hardcore porn. The sad part is, somewhere else in California, a grown man had to masturbate to "Smurfs 2."  
President Obama is now saying he was too polite to Mitt Romney in their first debate. To make up for that, tonight Obama plans to address Romney as "Douchey J. Moneybags."
My kids have that Asian flu where their throats hurt and their math scores are up.
Starting Friday it has rained here in Los Angeles for 4 straight days with no end in sight.  Apparently, God is really angry Larry King went off the air.
Monica Lewinsky is in the new issue of "Vanity Fair," talking about the Bill Clinton scandal. Unfortunately, they decided to name the piece, "Monica Opens Up."
It’s Wednesday, that means we are now officially three days away from Christmas and Hanukkah. That means you ladies are done shopping and guys, you have two more days to start.
I’m starting to rethink my polar bear hunting trip with my proctologist.
Success is 50% inspiration, 50% perspiration, and 50% THE SECRET PERCENTAGE INCREASER MACHINE.
Reality Check: I was around in 1973 and saw absolutely no signs of X-Men from the future.
In Washington State, a man was arrested for drinking his own urine at a restaurant. Even worse— after one sip, he sent it back. 
Taco Bell announced that they will be releasing Cool Ranch Doritos Locos Tacos. This is part of Taco Bell's ongoing plan to combine Mexican food with every snack at the gas station.
A robot has been taught how to write rap songs by being fed more than 6,000 Kanye West lyrics. The problem is, now the robot thinks it’s God.
Tonight was the World Series and the Republican debate. In other words, two events with completely different attitudes toward Latino immigrants.
North Korea is on a campaign to increase tourism. They have a new slogan, "Come for our glorious sights, stay because you saw too much."
Federal authorities raided a Denny's restaurant to recover a stolen piece of moon rock. The story was reported in this morning's issue of "The New York Times on LSD."
A "Walking Dead" spinoff is going to be set right here in Los Angeles. The zombies are expected to do the two things people in Los Angeles refuse to do: walk and eat meat.
Today, President Trump held separate phone conversations with the President of China and the Prime Minister of Japan. Trump was shocked to learn that those are two different people.
Archaeologists in Croatia have discovered a city that they believe is 7,000 years old. You can tell it’s ancient because it had a Blockbuster Video.
Some hardware stores are stocking up on rope and duct tape in anticipation of the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey." Apparently, tying your boyfriend up is the only way to get him to go see "Fifty Shades of Grey."
A Texas man has successfully fired the first-ever gun created by a 3-D printer. Which raises the question – Don't you think a gun created by a printer would jam?
Upon death, instead of having my whole life flash before my eyes, I just want to watch Season 3 of The Sopranos again.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has been named the new host of "Celebrity Apprentice." Wait 'til the apprentices find out exactly what you have to do when you work for Arnold Schwarzenegger.
In a recent interview a former mistress of Bill Clinton’s said that Hillary Clinton is bisexual. Today Bill Clinton said, "It’s true- when I want sex, Hillary says 'bye'."
It’s hard to believe that the greatest division in American politics these days is "pro-" or "anti-Chick-fil-A."
All the TV writers in Hollywood have reached a deal with the studios, which means there will not be a writers' strike. In fact, my writers plan to get back to work about three jokes from now.
Tired of the weird looks I get whenever I pronounce the "t" in Christmas.
Olympic officials distributed 100,000 condoms to athletes in Sochi. Of course, they only gave them to the curling team as a joke. 
Today, FBI director James Comey said the thought that he helped Donald Trump get elected president makes him "mildly nauseous." Comey then excused himself to attend a meeting of Underreacters Anonymous.
Next weekend, Los Angeles is holding its first river boat race. All that’s missing is a river in Los Angeles with water. 
Today on her show, Oprah Winfrey talked about her experience of going vegan for a week and not touching any meat.  She said it was easy—all she ate was Taco Bell.
Yesterday, the world's oldest man turned 115.  When asked what he missed most about his youth, the man said hosting "Larry King Live."
According to a new poll, only 19% of New Jersey residents approve of their governor Chris Christie. And they’re all restaurant owners.
In Wisconsin, a child's trick-or-treat bag was found to contain meth. On the plus side, the kid did manage to hit 19 houses in under two minutes.
A new survey shows that almost 70% of married women would choose sleeping over sex with their husband. When I told my wife this she said, "I don't understand the distinction.
Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels has announced that he will not run for President in 2012. Daniels reached the decision after early polling determined that even HE didn't know who "Mitch Daniels" was.
Will.i.am is reportedly creating his own brand of smart watches. Apparently, the watch will tell you whether it’s Will.i.A.M or Will.i.P.M.
A new photo from one of Saturn's moons shows it may have all the elements necessary for life. The three elements found were nitrogen, methane, and Red Bull.
Caitlyn Jenner told an interviewer that Hillary Clinton "only thinks of herself." Jenner said this while promoting the new season of her reality show "I Am Cait."
Give me a call, Justin Bieber! Together we can make a fortune selling “I Can’t Belieb It’s Not Butter” to kids with high cholesterol.
Tina Turner will formally relinquish her U.S. citizenship. When asked if she no longer wants to be a U.S. citizen because of the government, Turner replied, "What’s gov got to do with it?"
There’s controversy in Texas because a high school American history book refers to African slaves as "immigrant workers." The same book also referred to Cherokee Indians as "ancestral casino owners."
A new report just came out and it found that the employees at a Trump clothing factory in Indonesia are subject to low wages and verbal abuse. And even they wouldn't change places with Sean Spicer.
The clothing store Abercrombie and Fitch has offered to pay Jersey Shore's The Situation NOT to wear their clothes. Not only that, but Italy offered to pay Snooki to tell people she's Puerto Rican.
According to a new study, humans may be gradually losing their intelligence. The study was conducted by watching 4 minutes of "Here Comes Honey Boo Boo."
For fun, I sent a dick pic to Siri and she just replied, “I think you meant to send a picture of a penis.”
Burger King announced that they’re gonna pay for the wedding between an actual couple named Mr. Burger and Ms. King. However, their wedding night will be all about In-N-Out.
The Mexican-American judge that Donald Trump insulted may hear a case about his border wall. It’s the landmark case of Donald Trump vs. Payback’s a Bitch.
Donald Trump reaffirmed his stance against gay marriage. Trump said, "Marriage is between a rich guy and his much younger third wife."
President Obama has nominated Wal-Mart executive Sylvia Burrel to be his budget director. The president says he's excited by her experience at Wal-mart, and Sylvia Burrell says she's excited to be making more than 9.85 per hour.
Great, Applebee’s starts serving toddlers alcohol and my kids gave up booze for Lent.
Facebook is opening up its first office in Israel. Facebook is preparing for its launch in the Jewish state by changing the "Like" button to the "Could Be Worse" button.
Simon Cowell has hired Paula Abdul to be a judge on his new show "The X Factor." When asked why, Simon said, "She's got experience, an eye for talent, and I can pay her in cases of Wild Turkey."
During the debate on Saturday night, Jon Huntsman spoke Chinese. Not to be outdone, during the debate, Newt Gingrich ate Chinese.
This week is the 40th anniversary of the Rubik’s Cube. If you kids don’t know what a Rubik’s Cube is, it’s what people used to stare at to avoid human interaction before cell phones.
Just five days before the Super Bowl, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is battling a cold. Doctors describe Brady’s cold as "very handsome."
While accepting the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor, Eddie Murphy did a Bill Cosby impression. Murphy’s Cosby impression was so accurate, nine women are suing him.
Several panelists on Fox News accused "Wonder Woman" of not being American enough because her costume isn’t red, white and blue. They’re also saying to really be American, it should be a double XL.
The White House has reevaluated its security and announced it will start locking the front door. They’re also going to start asking, "Who’s there?" when somebody knocks.
According to a new study, a man's testosterone level drops after his wife has a baby. However, his testosterone level returns to normal the second his wife hires a 23-year-old nanny.
Donald Sterling has reversed his decision to sell the Clippers to the former CEO of Microsoft. Sterling said he changed his mind when he learned the Microsoft Paper Clip Guy was half black.
The US team has swept all the medals in the Skeet Shooting event. So despite our bad economy, it's nice to know our country has never been safer from an invasion of Skeets.
The St. Louis Rams will be moving to LA and building a nearly $2 billion dollar stadium here. Apparently the Rams intend to accomplish this by winning the Powerball.
Donald Trump recently said that supermodel Heidi Klum is "no longer a 10." So now, Bill Clinton wants to debate Trump.
In Saudi Arabia, officials recently shut down access to Facebook—saying that some of the content had "crossed the line."  Apparently, the last straw was a Facebook game called, "Rate the Ankles."
These days HD is so good, when you watch an NFL game you can see the murder evidence.
Last week on "Wheel of Fortune," Vanna White had a wardrobe malfunction. That explains why your Grandpa had his first erection in 15 years.
Representative Christopher Lee had to resign yesterday after he was caught sending a shirtless photo of himself to a woman he met on Craigslist.  On the bright side, he did manage to surprise his wife for Valentine's Day.
President Trump said he would be honored to meet North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un. Trump said, "He’s my kind of guy - he’s crazy, he’s overweight, and he has a ridiculous haircut."
Experts now say there are two kinds of sexuality - monogamous and promiscuous. Or as they're known - female and male.
Yesterday was the internet’s 45th birthday. That's right, 45 years ago today, someone downloaded porn onto a Commodore 64. 
"The Avengers" had the biggest opening in movie history, beating the record held by "Harry Potter." As a result, filming has begun on the new Harry Potter movie, "Harry Potter Sits in a Theater Watching ‘The Avengers.'"
Last night PBS aired a show that explores the sex lives of kangaroos. The show is called, "Two In The Pouch, One In The Ouch."
Today in New York, President Trump spoke before the United Nations General Assembly. There was an awkward moment when Trump looked into the audience and said, "Wait, how the hell did you people get into this country?"
According to the police, robbers have been ambushing people playing "Pokémon Go" by luring them to remote locations. The item most commonly reported stolen is any chance at a real adulthood.
A new poll came out and it found that, of all the Republican candidates, people think Donald Trump would make the best Santa Claus. In response, Chris Christie said, "OH COME ON, WHAT DO I GOTTA DO?"
At this time, Eva Mendes and I ask for privacy about our burgeoning relationship. Thank you.
Taco Bell is following up its Doritos tacos with new taco shells made of Fritos. It’s all part of Taco Bell’s new slogan, "Working Our Way Down the Stuff You Find Next To a 7-Eleven Cash Register."
Mitt Romney is Los Angeles today for a fundraiser.  So that's one more handsome guy in LA auditioning for a role he probably won't get.
Justin Bieber’s new album is not selling as well as expected. Think how bad it would be doing if I hadn’t bought 50,000 copies.
At the Consumer Electronics Show, everyone is talking about the Samsung TV with the 110-inch screen.  Finally, a way to make my head look even bigger.
The restaurant chain Long John Silvers is for sale. The company is currently looking for a buyer who has never eaten at a Long John Silvers.
There is a proposed new bill to extend closing time in California bars from 2 a.m to 4 a.m. The bill was introduced by Los Angeles City Councilman Andy Richter.
J.K. Rowling will publish another Harry Potter book this summer and in this one, Harry is a father. Until chapter three, when Maury Povich shows up.
In Japan, a college named Kinki University has decided to change its name. They went with the less controversial University of Freak In The Sheets.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is on the cover of Time Magazine. Well, some of him is.
One of the biggest movies this weekend was the Disney movie "Frozen." If you haven’t seen it, "Frozen" is an animated film about the Obamacare website.
Kanye and Kim might name their next child "Easton West." I hope his first words are "Get it?"
This Valentine’s Day, Boston Market is offering a free dessert to couples. So she may be disappointed you took her to Boston Market on Valentine's Day, but when she leaves halfway through the meal, you’re going to get two free desserts!
During his victory speech, Donald Trump said he wants to "bring unity to the Republican Party." Trump said, "I’ve loved the Republican Party ever since I joined it eight months ago."
Health officials say that syphilis rates have dropped in the United States. They attribute the syphilis drop in America to the fact that last season's "Jersey Shore" taped in Italy.
In New Hampshire, it’s been ruled that a man has the right to keep his license plate that says, "Cops Lie." The man also has the right to get pulled over 18 times a day.
A recent study finds that laughing can help you get pregnant. Which is why I’m known as the "condom of comedy."
Earlier today, Lindsay Lohan had her house arrest bracelet removed.  Then, when no one was looking, Lohan slipped the bracelet in to her pocket. 
Minnesota has passed a bill allowing same sex marriage.  As a result, the Minnesota Twins are changing their name to the Minnesota Life Partners. 
Tomorrow, Occupy Wall Street protesters are planning to Occupy the Subway in New York City.  Cause if there's one place to confront the nation's wealthiest 1%, it's on the subway.
The smog from factories in China is traveling across the Pacific and hitting the U.S. Great— so now even our smog is made in China.
In South Florida, Shaquille O’Neal has been sworn in as a reserve police officer. Personally, I can’t wait until he works undercover.
There's a photo from the Inauguration in which Former President Bill Clinton appears to be checking out Kelly Clarkson.  Clinton said, "That's not true, I was checking out Beyonce and Kelly Clarkson got in the way."
According to a new survey, 40 percent of Internet users feel "lonely" when they're unable to go online. Fortunately, that loneliness disappears as soon as they go back to playing on a fake farm with people they didn't like in high school.
Wal-Mart announced that this Thanksgiving they’re opening earlier than they ever have. Because what better way to celebrate the pilgrims arrival in America than buying crap made in China?
A new poll shows that, in Florida, Donald Trump has the support of nearly 50% of Republican voters. However, since it’s Florida, at least 25% of those voters probably won’t make it 'til election day.
This week, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that Russia isn’t acting like a "responsible nation." President Trump agreed, saying, "They haven’t paid me in months."
A new report claims that the Florida coastline is rising six times faster than the rest of the world. Floridians are calling this "alarming," and everyone else is calling it "not fast enough."
Yesterday, the man known as the French Spiderman successfully climbed the world's tallest building.  When asked if he would consider performing in the Spiderman musical, he said, "Too dangerous."
Disneyworld has decided not to open an exhibit on childhood fitness, after people complained it stigmatized obese children.  For the same reason, Disney is also getting rid of their 8th Dwarf, "Diabety."
Today, Regis Philbin announced that he'll be retiring after 40 years on television.  It's a shame, because Regis was only 60 years shy of breaking Larry King's record.
The theory behind the Freudian slip has been scientifically proven after 111 years. I don't know about you, but I think that's the breasts news I've heard all week.
I feel really silly dressed up as a Stormtrooper in line to see “Brooklyn.”
In Hong Kong, a woman was sent to prison for assaulting a police officer with her breast. The police officer is demanding an apology and that she do it again.
On Sunday, Pope Francis declared two new saints. And I just want to say, Andy and I are deeply honored.
At a news conference today, Hillary Clinton said that the ousting of Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo sends a message to other dictators. And the message is, "If we can't pronounce your name, you're toast."
In a school district in Texas, it is now legal for a female teacher to spank a male student.  This is due to a new law pushed through by a group of male students.
Harvard just won its first ever NCAA basketball tournament game. Finally, that spunky little school is catching a break.
Puerto Rico is in deep financial trouble - its governor announced, "Let us be clear: We have no cash." Then he said, "On the bright side, we have rum coming out our a****!"
A Republican insider compared Marco Rubio’s debate performance to "looking at your iPhone and the video freezes and says it’s buffering." After hearing this, Bernie Sanders said, "A what doing what?"
The House of Representative's stenographer had an epic meltdown, yelling about the Constitution, Freemasons, and Jesus Christ. So it sounds like the Republicans have their 2016 presidential candidate.
China has warned the US that its days of squandering borrowed money are over. So maybe we shouldn't tell the Chinese that last week we spent $76 million to see the Smurf movie.
Today, North Korea threatened to launch a missile at South Korea. North Korea backed down after South Korea threatened to launch a sequel to Gangnam Style.
He’s going to be okay, but a man walked into a McDonald's in New York City with a knife in his back. Doctors say the man’s heart wasn’t in danger until he ordered the food. When asked if he wanted fries, he said "No thanks, I’m trying to cut back."
For the dictator of a rogue state, Kim-Jong Un is really mellow and fun to video iChat with.
Campbell's announced its sale of soups in America have fallen, in part due to rising food prices.  And also due to its unpopular new offering, "Cream of Schwarzenegger."
Today, President Obama is in the Middle East and met the new king of Saudi Arabia. Obama also met Saudi Arabia’s First Lady, the Second Lady, the Third Lady and the Fourth Lady.
India has suspended its plans to let a Wal-Mart open in its country. The Prime Minister's exact words were, "India will make your crappy clothes, but we won't buy them."
In Australia, a woman fended off a crocodile by hitting it with her flip flops. Authorities went to kill the crocodile, but it had already died from embarrassment.
During last night’s debate, Hillary Clinton said her husband would serve as her "kitchen table" advisor. Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders said his wife would serve as his "hand rails in the bathroom" advisor.
The terrorist group Hezbollah has taken power in Lebanon, and opponents have declared a "Day of Rage." Or as it's known in the Middle East, "Tuesday."
Yesterday, Washington DC voted to legalize recreational marijuana. President Obama said, "And after these midterms, thank God."
In her speech, First Lady Michelle Obama said her husband has dinner with his girls, where they "strategize" about middle-school relationships. Which explains why today the Pentagon ordered a drone strike on that lying bitch Ashley.
Just read a study claiming dogs can feel love, which is yet another way dogs are superior to cats. And comedians.
For the first time, American astronauts on the International Space Station ate vegetables grown in space. In other words, even space is getting more rain than California.
After more than 600 passengers on a Royal Caribbean cruise got sick, the ship is scheduled to return to New Jersey early. Passengers say they can’t wait to get off the boat and have diarrhea on dry land.
The national anthem controversy has even caused a rift between President Trump and his longtime friend Tom Brady. Of course, we should have seen this coming with Brady because whenever anyone that beautiful turns 40, Trump loses interest.
Last night, Paul Ryan said his iPod playlist "starts with AC/DC and ends with Zeppelin." When asked for comment, Mitt Romney said, "Man, I thought I was white."
People from all 50 states and 14 countries have donated pizza to the protestors in Wisconsin.  Apparently, someone said, "How can we fix things in Wisconsin? I know, more cheese!"
Today, President Trump blasted Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s clothing line. In other news: US Troops are now massed on the border of Women’s Sportswear and Accessories.
Yesterday, President Obama accused the Republicans of "social Darwinism," then today, Mitt Romney accused President Obama of "rhetorical excess." When asked for comment, former President Bush said, "What?"
There’s a new book coming out to help parents understand the game "Minecraft." And there’s a new update for "Minecraft" to help kids understand what "a book" is.
Because of England’s Brexit vote, there’s now talk in Scotland and Northern Ireland about leaving the UK. And when I say "talk," I mean loud, angry, incomprehensible talk.
A new study claims that sex gets better for women as they get older. When asked if sex was also better for their partner, the women said "What partner?"
It’s been reported that Donald Trump has said of ISIS, "We have to end it." Trump’s plan to end ISIS is to turn it into an online university.
Today Newt Gingrich is blaming the failure of his presidential campaign on Fox News. Newt's also blaming the failure of his diet on Cinnabon.
In a recent statement, President Obama said Russia is a country that "doesn’t make anything." Vladimir Putin said, "That’s not true, we’re making the Ukraine into Russia."
Donald Trump told "People Magazine" that he’s good at sports. Which could be true, because it does seem like he’s had a lot of concussions.
The police raided Justin Bieber’s house, and his friend Lil Za was found with ecstasy and possible cocaine. Lil Za was charged with possession of an illegal substance, and a stupid name.
Astronomers are saying that a mysterious signal from space was caused by gas surrounding a comet. Of course, the comet is claiming the gas came from its dog.
Today, former President Bill Clinton revealed that he turned down an invitation to join "Dancing with the Stars."  Clinton said he wanted to keep himself available for "The Bachelorette."
A lot of celebrities live in Atlanta— Elton John has a house here. In fact, you know you've spotted Elton John when you think you've spotted Lady Gaga's grandmother.
A top Vatican scientist has announced that, despite the Mayan Calendar, the world will not end on December 21st. The Vatican scientist then went back to his regular work: Proving tornadoes are caused by gay people.
The new frontrunner in the New York City mayoral race is Anthony Weiner and some analysts say it’s due to name recognition.  And actually, I think a few people recognize more than just his name.
This weekend, President Obama celebrated his 52nd birthday. For his birthday, Michelle Obama jumped out of cake and told him he’s not allowed to have any.
Yesterday, a female judge ruled that Bill Cosby must stand trial. Cosby said to the judge, "Can we talk about this over a drink?"
Senator Rand Paul’s announcement that he’s running for President has been pulled from YouTube because he used a copyrighted song without permission. Apparently, Rand Paul doesn’t own the rights to the song, "A Snowball’s Chance in Hell."
After being accused of sexually harassing five women, Bill O’Reilly is going on a vacation to Europe. O’Reilly said he’s looking forward to hearing the phrase "you’re creeping me out" in seven different languages.
A new Catholic translation of the Bible gets rid of the word "booty," because of its current connotations. What's strange is that it replaces it with the word "bedonkadonk."
My neighbors criticized me for putting a pumpkin out too soon. I had to tell them that was just me looking out the window.
Today are the Republican Iowa caucuses. Or, as it's also known "Old White Guy Mardi Gras."
According to a recent study, the state that drinks the most beer in the country is North Dakota. In fact, one night North Dakota got so drunk, it woke up next to West Virginia.
I’d like to think I’m the Meryl Streep of spilling dip at Oscar parties.
Can’t believe it’s Shark Week again. It seems like just yesterday I was taking down last year’s Shark Week decorations.
Burger King announced that its Chicken Fries will be served year-round. Previously, the Chicken Fries have only been sold during Heart Attack Season.
There is a new exercise called "Rage Yoga" that encourages people to swear in between poses. Or as I call that, "yoga."
In Brazil, three million people attended the Pope's mass.  The Pope attributed the huge turn-out to his opening act, The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Today is World Vegetarian Day. There were supposed to be rallies but nobody had the energy.
To recover Baby Jesus figures stolen from nativity scenes, a security company is now putting GPS trackers inside them. I was thinking if they had done this with the real Jesus, it would have answered a lot of questions.
A hotel in London is offering "Harry Potter" themed rooms. Guests staying in a "Harry Potter" room have the choice of either a single bed or a single bed.
In Denver, a seven year old boy tried to join the Girl Scouts. When asked why, the boy said, "One word: chicks."
In New York, the owner of an ice cream truck called Sno Cone Joe was arrested for allegedly stalking his rival truck, Mr. Ding-a-ling.   It's being called, "The saddest turf war ever."
McDonald’s restaurants in Japan have started selling cheese fries that you can’t get here in the U.S. Which makes me wonder…who REALLY won World War II?
Some health experts believe being an NFL coach might be the most stressful job in America. The second most stressful job: being an NFL parole officer.
A prominent Chinese economist named Xie Zuoshi is suggesting that due to China’s shortage of women, Chinese men should share wives. Sounds to me like someone’s not doing well on Tinder.
33 soldiers from the Mexican army were allowed to return to Mexico yesterday after they accidentally crossed the border into America.  That's right, things have now gotten so bad in this country that people are only crossing the border now by accident.
You COULD let your guests pile their coats on the bed, but you're just inviting DNA confusion if the night ends in murder.
There is a new app that is supposed to simulate a female orgasm. The app is available at ShirtlessConan.com.
A woman who just celebrated her 110th birthday credits her longevity to drinking lots of beer and Johnnie Walker. Well technically, her liver is 110, the woman herself is 43.
According to a new report, fewer Santas-for-hire are finding work this holiday season.  I took my kids to the mall to see Santa, and they had to tell their Christmas wishes over the phone to Rajiv in Bangalore.
In Michigan, an Arby's served a customer a sandwich with a piece of human finger inside. The manager apologized and gave the customer some free hair in his shake.
President Obama has set a Guinness World Record as the fastest person to get a million Twitter followers. So it’s official, Obama now has as many followers as the Republicans have presidential candidates.
Los Angeles is getting much closer to having an NFL team next year. So pretty soon, the Lakers won’t be the only team in LA scoring about 20 points a game.
Denny's announced they will be opening as many as 50 restaurants in India. When they heard this, the people of India said, "Hey—we're hungry but we're not that hungry!"
Studies are showing that Republican candidates are buying a lot of ad time on the Weather Channel.  You can tell because last night the weathermen blamed a cold front on "immigration and gay marriage."
In Germany, a member of the Nazi leadership’s inner circle has died at the age of 106. That’s okay, the Senate probably wouldn’t have confirmed her nomination anyway.
A store in Houston is selling Donald Trump piñatas filled with candy. So finally, something good is going to come out of Donald Trump.
Today, Donald Trump met with Kanye West. It’s always cool when two future presidents hang out.
Because a Chinese dissident won this year's Nobel Peace Prize, China has started to censor news on the internet regarding the Nobel Prize ceremony.  For example, China's claiming Bristol Palin won.
At one point during the debate last night, moderator Bob Schieffer accidentally said, "Obama bin Laden." It was right after he called Romney "Adolf Mittler."
My kids are in that really cute pre-medicated phase.
Girls who play Minecraft can finally play it as girls instead of boys. Not to be outdone, today, Grand Theft Auto released an update that allows you to shoot a male prostitute.
Due to Zika concerns, I’m reluctantly draining my moat.
This weekend, leaders from the NAACP met with leaders from the KKK. After seven hours of talks, both sides agreed that they don’t really care for Bryant Gumble.
In last week’s interview, Bruce Jenner said he is a woman who is transitioning his body from male to female, and he’s also a conservative Republican. Bruce said he looks forward to bashing Obamacare, as soon as he finishes using it.
Charlie Sheen joined Twitter 2 days ago – and he already has 1.4 Million people following him. Though to be fair – most of those people work for the Center for Disease Control.
It was 100 degrees today. I haven’t seen 3 digits since I visited my old shop teacher.
Paramount Pictures announced that they are going to come out with "Transformers 4."  In the new movie, "Transformers 3" transforms itself into a good movie.
Herman Cain said it was sign that he should run for President when, after a surgery, his scar was in the shape of the letter "J"—for Jesus. When asked for comment, Jesus said, "Actually, the ‘J' is for "Just stick to making pizza."
Pope Benedict announced that he is retiring. It's a pretty dramatic change – it means he'll go from wearing a robe all day to wearing a robe all day.
A terrible movie would be Batman vs Superdelegate.
I'm a simple man. I start every day with a cup of joe, the morning paper, and a lavender Pan-Asiatic body scrub from my man-servant, Lobo.
I was surprised to find out most of the new THOR movie takes place in a Vermont bed and breakfast.
The GOP has already started making a strategy around the assumption that Hillary Clinton will win the Presidency. Which may explain the Republican Party's new slogan: "Winter is Coming."
Did you know that El Chapo has his own show on MSNBC?
According to a new study, American fathers are spending more than twice as much time with their children as they used to in years past. Experts say it's due to a sweeping new trend called "unemployment."
Yesterday, Elton John said that Madonna is a nightmare who looks like a "fairground stripper." I don't know about you, but I hate to see two gay men fighting.
A new study came out and has found that reindeer populations are falling fast. So in other words, we are three years away from Santa using Uber.
Pluto is larger than previously thought, and on its surface there is a shape that looks like a heart. So now, scientists are deciding whether to classify Pluto as a planet or an emoji.
According to a new study, it's possible for women to experience a second kind of orgasm.  After hearing this, women everywhere said, "Great, now we have to fake another kind of orgasm."
A top NFL prospect has announced that he’s gay. Then someone explained to him that having a crush on Tom Brady doesn’t make you gay.
Germany has just rolled out a new law banning hate speech. The law is tricky to implement because everything sounds like hate speech when it's spoken in German.
Today in Dallas a warehouse full of energy drinks caught fire. Firefighters said the fire raged for 5 hours, and then just totally crashed.
An NFL player was arrested in Florida on gun charges. The news was shocking to anyone who knows nothing about the NFL or Florida.
A poll found that most American Catholics want the new pope to be younger and hipper.  In other words, they want the pope mobile to have truck nuts.
When asked about Senator Ted Cruz, George W. Bush said, "I just don’t like the guy." Bush went on to say, "I’ve disliked Ted Cruz ever since he jumped up and down on Oprah’s couch."
Yesterday in Ohio, Hillary Clinton popped into a Chipotle and she ordered a burrito bowl with chips and salsa. On her way out she was overheard saying, "Well that locks down the Hispanic vote."
In Washington, D.C. the federal government has had to shut down due to snow. It’s being called the biggest government shutdown caused by an onslaught of whiteness since the Tea Party. 
It's being reported that Steven Tyler and his fiancée are breaking up.  The quote from the press release says, "My old lady and I just couldn't make it work, but I wish Steven the best."
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is in Russia, but Russian President Vladimir Putin won’t meet with him. Putin said, "Sorry but I only meet with members of the Trump administration before the election."
This weekend, a woman in Colorado gave birth inside a Wal-Mart. Apparently it’s the first thing found in a Wal-Mart not made in China.
An expert is saying that Donald Trump’s handwriting reveals he is prone to anger and fear. After hearing about it, Trump was furious and then, he got scared.
Anthony Weiner’s wife Huma Abedin is leaving him after he was caught sexting again. Of course, Weiner is claiming that he was simply playing Pokémon Go and caught a Dickasaur.
Rick Perry said he understands healthcare because his wife is a nurse. He said he also understands terrorism because he watched all eight seasons of "24."
The amazing thing is that Arnold kept it a secret for 10 years.  So the real shock is: maybe he is a good actor after all.
In a new interview, Madonna accused Lady Gaga of ripping her off. Which is unfair, because we don't know yet if Lady Gaga is going to grow old ungracefully.
A big winner last night was "Life of Pi", a story of a young man who wakes up in a lifeboat with a hyena, a zebra, an orangutan and a Bengal tiger. Which, oddly enough, is also the plot of "The Hangover 3."
Party going on too long? Go up to your guests and whisper, "I hope you’ll stay for my dream journal reading."
Whoever said “clothes make the man” has not seen me struggling into a pair of mantyhose.
In a new interview, Bill Clinton said that during his whole presidency, he only sent two emails.  However, over two million White House emails were sent from somebody named Bonerprez69.
I think I may be going through Oprah Winfrey withdrawal. Today at 4:00 I cried for no reason and checked under my chair for a prize.
In Taiwan, an adult amusement park is being built with sex-themed rides - including a giant penis ride. The worst part is, the giant penis ride ends at Splash Mountain.
Yesterday, Sofia Vergara said one of her favorite things about of a newly unveiled wax figure of herself are the feet. She said, “Before today, I didn’t even know I had feet.”
There is a new app that allows people to rent hotel rooms by the hour. The app lets you swipe left for chlamydia, or right for herpes.
Supporters of Donald Trump are saying the fact that he lost a billion dollars and then didn’t pay income taxes for 18 years means he is a "genius." They also say three marriages makes him a "feminist" so it kind of works out.
Today is a big online shopping day which is officially called Cyber Monday.  It's followed up tomorrow by "Identity Theft Tuesday."
A hotel in England is placing a copy of the book, "50 Shades of Grey" in every room. Don't get excited though—  over there, "50 Shades of Grey" is the name of a British cookbook.
I figured out how to make the ñ in jalapeño, ñow does añyoñe kñow how to turñ it off?
A porn star is holding a sex marathon to raise money for her breast implants. She needs $10,000 and so far she’s has raised a little over $12 million dollars.
A New York judge has ruled that lap dances are taxable because they are not art. Or, maybe he just hasn’t had the right lap dance. 
On this day in 1876, Alexander Graham Bell patented the telephone.  Alexander Graham Bell said, "Someday, my invention will ruin movies for people."
Yesterday President Obama met with the leaders of Mexico and Canada. Obama said he’s trying to figure out where to live if Trump wins.
A man in the UK has invented the "dausage" which is half-donut and half-sausage.  He also invented something called "dout" which is half-diabetes, half-gout.
Medical marijuana users are now lobbying for the right to carry firearms.  This is perfect, because no one is a better shot than a stoned old man with glaucoma.
It's being reported that Mitt Romney's goal tonight is to make Barack Obama look like Jimmy Carter. Meanwhile, Barack Obama's goal tonight is to make Mitt Romney look like Mitt Romney.
Steven Tyler has been criticized for his rendition of the national anthem. On a positive note, people who saw the performance have been saying, "You know—Nancy Reagan looks great for her age."
Republicans are now saying that Donald Trump would have won the popular vote if we didn’t count California. And Hillary Clinton would have won the electoral vote if we didn’t count Russia.
In Palm Springs, California, a Starbucks barista saved a customer’s life by giving him CPR. Apparently, the customer had a heart attack when the barista spelled his name right.
A prominent scientist has written a book urging NASA to send couples into space to study the effects of zero gravity on sex.  He also wants to send married couples into space to study the effects of zero sex.
The Octomom has been hired as a spokesperson for a service that lends money. They chose the Octomom because their slogan is, "There's no hole too deep to climb out of."
It's been reported that the band Lynyrd Skynyrd will no longer fly the Confederate flag at their concerts. They said they only flew the flag because 2 of their members actually fought in the Civil War. 
Take a moment to thank the veterans of our many Storage Wars.
This week, onboard Justin Bieber’s private jet, the pilots had to wear oxygen masks because of all the pot smoke. Not only that, the pilots had to wear earplugs because Bieber was blasting his own music.
Jamie Foxx has reportedly been cast in a movie about Martin Luther King Jr. Apparently, it was between him and Ben Affleck.
After Joe Biden used the word “malarkey” in his speech, it became the most searched word on the Internet. Mostly from people who thought "Malarkey" was a new Pokémon.
There's a campaign to change Kentucky's state slogan to "Kentucky Kicks Ass." This replaces their current state slogan, "At Least We're Not Alabama."
After attending the All-Star Game, the manager of the Chicago Cubs Mike Quade was detained by the TSA for 40 minutes.  Apparently, the TSA demanded to know what someone from the Cubs was doing at the All-Star Game.
Congress now has a record number of black lawmakers. This is particularly awkward for the Tea Party Congressmen who keep thinking they're all the same guy.
Brigham Young University has been named the "Top Sober School in America" for the 16th year in a row.  The students celebrated by having the worst party ever.
The Polar Vortex that put the entire country into a deep freeze is now heading up north to Canada.  Finally some payback for giving us Justin Bieber.
New research finds that robots are just as bad as humans at assembling IKEA furniture. In fact there’s a video that shows two robots trying to assemble the furniture, having a fight, then one says, "I knew it was too soon for us to move in together."
Michelle Obama recently said she could take a whole afternoon and talk about Barack's failures.  She was immediately hired by Fox News. 
Talking about his gaffe last night, today Rick Perry said he was only human and "people make mistakes." When he heard this, Mitt Romney said, "You see – that's where I have the advantage." "ERROR, HUMAN! ERROR!"
A group of nutritionists criticized the Cheesecake Factory for offering a pasta dish that has over 3,000 calories. After hearing about it, a spokesperson for the Olive Garden said, "What the hell is pasta?"
According to a new poll, the most popular country in the world is Germany, and the least popular is Iran. And once again, the winner of Class Nerd was Micronesia.
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day, and President Obama thanked his 5th grade teacher, Ms. Mabel Hefty. Then Bernie Sanders thanked his 5th grade teacher, Aristotle.
Bernie Sanders praised Joe Biden’s decision not to run. Sanders said, "There’s only room for one goofy old dude."
Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich bragged about his third wife's accomplishments by saying, "She plays the French horn." Things got awkward when he added, "If you know what I mean."
In China, a woman cut off her husband’s penis after she found out he was cheating, and then, after it got sewn back on, she went to the hospital and cut it off again. When reached for comment, the man said, "If she had paid this much attention to my penis before, we wouldn’t be in this mess."
The White House is proposing a way to spy on suspects while they're online. The plan is called "Signing them up for Facebook."
In Philadelphia yesterday, Pope Francis met with a family that had driven 13,000 miles from Argentina just to see him. There was an awkward moment when the Pope said, "I guess no one told you guys I’ll be in Argentina next week."
Archaeologists just discovered a leather belt believed to be 4000 years old.  So now we know why Larry King wears suspenders.
Due to the lockout, the first two weeks of the NBA season might be canceled.  On the bright side, the Clippers say this will not affect their attendance. 
At the Palm Sunday Mass, Pope Francis reportedly came up with his sermon on the spot. You could tell because he started the sermon with, "Is Brooklyn in the house?"
On Friday, the iPhone turns 5 years old.  In other words, the iPhone is officially old enough to build an iPhone.
C’mon, Republicans, two more presidential candidates and we’ll have an even 100.
In Britain, a blind man has kept his seeing-eye dog even though the dog has also gone blind.  The two have been missing for 3 weeks.
During a concert at the White House yesterday, President Obama got on stage and performed with Mick Jagger. Apparently, Obama wanted to prove to Republicans that he could work with a rich, old white guy.
The White House has admitted that Donald Trump did not write his inauguration speech. The speech was written late last Thursday by a disgruntled postal worker.
After a long drought we finally got some rain here in Los Angeles. It's been a tough week for Los Angeles parents because they’ve had to explain to their children what that stuff coming from the sky is.
Ford just recalled almost one million cars for steering problems and because the doors fly open. Which explains Chevrolet’s new slogan, "Ford just recalled almost one million cars for steering problems and because the doors fly open."
The website WikiLeaks released more than 250,000 secret government documents – including computer passwords for world leaders.  The most shocking revelation?  Kofi Annan's password is Bieberfan9.
A major wildfire in Northern California is being blamed on marijuana farmers.  Everyone in the region is really angry about it, unless they’re downwind.
This afternoon, in honor of the World Series, Taco Bell gave out free Doritos Locos Tacos in San Francisco. Which means now the West Coast will be hit with an explosive flood.
Scientists in Germany have been able to create sperm in a lab.  This is great news for men with fertility problems, but bad news for the guy who has to clean that lab.
Just ruminating on how different my life would be now if my childhood nickname had been "Gronk" instead of "There he is - Get him!"
New York City now has two men, Anthony Weiner and Eliot Spitzer, seeking political office despite recent sex scandals. Which is why New York is changing its nickname to “The City That Never Sleeps With Its Wife.”
The Marco Rubio campaign is now selling a t-shirt that calls Marco Rubio "BAE." Hillary Clinton called it "such a desperate attempt to appeal to young people, I can’t believe I didn’t think of it first."
Lebron James said that last night's loss in the NBA finals feels like "a personal failure."  Then someone explained to Lebron that it is a personal failure.
Yesterday, North Korean leader Kim Jong-il died of a heart attack. No one knows what triggered it, but he apparently he had a lot of money riding on the Denver Broncos.
The Tea Party has formed a "debt supercommittee" that will meet this week at a Florida Denny's. It will be the first time in history anyone at a Denny's has expressed an interest in trimming fat.
Last year, the expenses of the living ex-presidents cost US taxpayers almost $4 million. The costs were mostly due to Secret Service, pensions and Bill Clinton's party bus.
The LA Kings are one game away from winning their second Stanley Cup in three years. In other cities when the hockey team wins the championship, rowdy fans overturn cars. In Los Angeles rowdy fans unplug cars.
Over the weekend in Canada, Justin Bieber was involved in a car accident and allegedly punched the other driver. When police arrived 20 minutes later, the man was still laughing.
In Kansas, the Mega Millions winner, who took home $157 million, has chosen to remain anonymous. A spokesman for the winner said his client just wants to "blend in with all the other people in Kansas who have $157 million."
According to the Washington Post, there is a national shortage of the hallucinogenic drug peyote. But if you want to spend a week in the Mojave desert talking with coyotes, there's always Jagermeister.
I just got body-shamed by my jeans.
It was reported yesterday that two people were arrested for throwing a yoga mat at the White House. When she heard, Melania Trump said, "Yoga mat? I told them to throw me a rope ladder."
Justin Bieber posted a picture of himself on Instagram with Chris Brown.  When asked if he’s worried about hanging around with such a bad influence, Chris Brown said, "Not really."
Residents of New Orleans are bracing for another possible flood.  Not because of Hurricane Isaac but because they heard Snooki's water broke.
Last night was the Academy Awards and some critics are saying the show was too dull.  As a result, the Academy has already named its co-hosts for next year, Charlie Sheen and Moammar Gadhafi.
Here in California, a medical marijuana delivery driver told police his pot was stolen by two ninjas. Folks, I don't have a joke for that story, I just love California.
The company that makes Ferraris is introducing a brand new Ferrari that can seat four people.  Finally – a way for the whole family to benefit from dad's small penis!
I hope I never discover a genie when I’m really hungry, tired, or unhappy with my cell phone reception.
It's being reported that, last night in New York, Charlie Sheen trashed his hotel room.  Isn't that amazing?  People are still renting hotel rooms to Charlie Sheen.
We could end all crime if we just sentenced convicts to lick the bottom of a Chuck E. Cheese ball pit.
According to a new survey, 50% of people believe robots will actually create more jobs in the long run. When they heard this, robots said, "OH GOOD – THEY’RE BUYING IT."
It's been reported that, in 2012, a record number of people named their babies after Apple products. It's the perfect way to tell your newborn child, "We're planning to replace you in 6 months."
Before we get started, if I can just ask everyone to shut their phones off. That’s right – I have some jokes I don’t want the government to hear.
The Northeast right now is being hit with a major snowstorm. Forecasters say people have not seen a white-out like this since last week’s Oscar nominations.
It's just come out that, for two decades, the secret launch code for America's nuclear missiles was "00000000." Even more amazing, George W. Bush forgot it twice.
In France, there's a smartphone app that will tell you if your son is gay. Apparently, over there, it's hard to tell if a guy is gay or just from France.
Angelina Jolie met with Pope Francis at the Vatican. After she left, Pope Francis was overheard saying "Dayum!"
Passengers on the Carnival cruise ship are going to the bathroom in zip lock bags. That explains Norwegian Cruise Line's new slogan, "Passengers on the Carnival cruise ship are going to the bathroom in zip lock bags."
According to a new rule, Secret Service agents can no longer drink alcohol 12 hours before reporting for duty. The rule came at the request of President Barack Obuzzkill.
To celebrate Leap Day, Arby’s is offering a special vegetarian menu. Arby’s said, "It’s part of our commitment to offer healthy food, once every four years."
There’s a dating site for well-endowed men called 7orBetter. The site has already attracted over 60,000 women and 70,000 liars.
A Chinese family was kicked off a flight to Hong Kong because their three-year-old wouldn’t sit in his seat. As a result, the three-year-old missed his first day of work.
Subway's facing backlash from angry customers who are complaining about the foot long sub only being 11 inches.  Subway, I know what you're going through. 
A European airline wants to offer pornography during their flights.  It'll be the only airline where you hope the guy behind you is just kicking your seat.
Researchers believe they’ve developed a condom-free form of male birth control. It's called "a crying baby on an airplane."
Trump is actually doing very well in Nevada. That’s right, Trump appeals to Nevada’s key demographic - people who’ve declared bankruptcy.
According to a new survey, the most sexually satisfied women in the United States are right here in the Los Angeles. All I want to say is, ladies, you're welcome.
NASA scientists recently spotted a hole on the sun’s surface that is 400 times larger than the Earth. Despite the hole being that large, no one on the LA Lakers could put a ball through it.
The show "Jeopardy!" is being called sexist for presenting a category called "What Women Want." To make things worse, Alex Trebek referred to a female contestant’s breasts as the daily double.  
In Sweden, a sperm-sniffing police dog is helping authorities solve cases.  The first case the dog helped solve was "the case of the perv who trained the sperm-sniffing dog."
Amazon has a new reality show that shadows an NFL team for an entire football season. The show follows players from the day they’re drafted all the way until the day they’re sentenced.
The U.S. Patent Office has rejected Whole Foods' request to be called "the world’s healthiest grocery store." However, they approved 7-11’s request to be called "the world’s finest antique foods dealer."
Sony has debuted a $4000.00 HDTV. It’s got all the latest technology including the ability to turn itself off anytime Miley Cyrus starts to twerk.
Rachel Dolezal, the white NAACP leader who claimed she was black, said there is no biological proof that she’s white. However, today that was disproven by scientists who found wine cooler in her bloodstream.
Ever get really into playing a video game, only to discover it was just one of those high-tech Japanese toilets?
A new study claims that during sex, 43% of men finish within two minutes. And one minute of that is apologizing.
Today is Yom Kippur, the day when Jewish people ask for forgiveness.  Of course, for my people, that would be the day after St. Patrick's Day. 
There's a new Website that allows you to do Facebook, Twitter, email, web surf and read the news all in one place.  That one place is called, "work." 
An initiative has been proposed that would divide California into 6 separate states.  The new states would include West California, Central California and Kardashia.
Tomorrow, Mitt Romney is going to release his 2010 and 2011 tax returns. Not to be outdone, tomorrow Newt Gingrich is going to release his 1988, ‘94 and 2005 wedding vows.
A man in Washington State is suing Monster Energy Drinks after he found a dead mouse at the bottom of his can. In their defense, Monster Energy claims the can did say, "Now with a crunchy protein boost!"
Pope Francis told the mafia that they risk going to hell for their criminal behavior. Sounds to me like someone placed a bet on the Final Four that they can’t cover. 
In France, someone has installed the first-ever "Raw Oyster Vending Machine." It’s being called "innovative" by seafood lovers, and the best idea ever by bacteria.
President Obama was in Greece today and he visited the ancient Greek Acropolis. Obama said, "I wanted to get used to seeing a once-great democracy in ruins."
"Playboy" has released a special hard drive that contains every issue of "Playboy" ever published. Finally – a way to look at naked ladies on a computer!
New York’s Museum of Modern Art has acquired the first known set of 176 emojis. Not to be outdone, in Italy, they’ve replaced Michelangelo’s David with a giant dick pic.
You know how adults sound in the Peanuts specials? That’s what everybody sounds like when they’re not talking about me.
Last night, 82-year-old Christopher Plummer became the oldest actor ever to win an Academy Award.  Of course, when the show started, he was only 79.
A six year-old was in the National Spelling Bee Finals. She must be quite prekoshus.
A man in Mexico claims he has an 18-inch penis. Don’t worry ladies, if Trump does build that wall, the guy can vault over it.
According to Forbes Magazine, the richest man in the world is a man from Mexico.  He's Oprah Winfrey's gardener. 
The Supreme Court has affirmed that corporations can spend as much money on political campaigns as they want. This decision was praised by Senator Chevron P. MountainDew.
An Apple store in London was robbed by a biker gang. This settles the age-old question: who would win in a fight—a biker gang or the guys that work at the genius bar?
A right wing pastor is saying that the movie "Frozen" will turn kids gay. He also warned that the movie "300" will turn right wing pastors gay.
In the leaked emails from Colin Powell, he calls Donald Trump "a national disgrace." Trump was furious and said, "Hey, I’m an international disgrace."
In a recent interview, Kim Kardashian says her "entire body is hairless". Sounds like she went into a salon and asked for "The O'Brien".
KFC is undergoing a massive $185 million effort to upgrade its restaurants. Not to be outdone, Arby’s has swapped out the rabbit’s foot on its restroom key for a rainbow Koosh ball.
Nothing makes me feel sexier than overpaying for a blazer.
Vladimir Putin is reportedly frustrated by the lack of progress in US-Russian diplomacy since President Trump took office. In fact, Putin’s so frustrated, today he called Trump and threatened to fire him.
In a recent interview, Pope Francis said that women should play a bigger role in the Catholic Church. Sounds like someone’s girlfriend is starting to call the shots.
Another Kardashian sex tape has reportedly been leaked. You know who has trouble keeping up with the Kardashians? Working porn stars.
A black man has received a surgical transplant of a white man’s penis. You can tell the transplant was effective because every time he turns on the radio, his penis changes the station to NPR.
A company is developing a version of Tinder for Catholics. It’s the first dating app where if you like someone, you swipe up, down, left and right.
Some white supremacist groups are very upset that the lead actor of the new "Star Wars" movie is black. They also claim the other six movies were "chock full of undocumented aliens."
This week at New York’s Comic-Con, Sylvester Stallone charged fans almost $500 for a photo with him. So far, he's made almost $500.00.
A Japanese company bought the Jim Beam Whiskey distillery for 16 billion dollars.  Of course this morning, the Japanese company woke up in an alley and said, "I did what?"
Yesterday it was announced that Chris Hansen, the long time host of “To Catch a Predator,” is being let go. The network surprised Hansen with the news last night in his kitchen.
Brad Pitt said he has trouble recognizing people he knows and blamed it on a condition known as "face blindness." You may know "face blindness" by its scientific name, "Being a jerk."
According to a new survey, forty percent of Americans approve of reading a partner's email if you suspect them of cheating. The remaining 60% are cheating.
At Monday’s Chicago Cubs game, a fan ran onto the field and did a somersault at home plate. The Cubs didn’t mind, they were just happy to see someone reach home base.
A man in Portland stole a 2-foot python from a pet store by putting it in his pants. For a while, I was their prime suspect.
Tomorrow night is the Jewish holiday of Passover.  Or as we call it here in LA, Cinqo de Matzo.
Charles Manson has applied for a license to marry his 26-year-old girlfriend. There you go folks, another eHarmony success story!
The Vatican is trying to reign in its finances. It’s so bad, next week Pope Francis is going to see what he can get for the Holy Grail on "Antiques Roadshow."
According to a new report that just came out, the US has been ranked as #7 in the list of best places to live. As always, #1 is still Funkytown.
Tonight is the beginning of the 8-day Jewish holiday of Passover, when God freed the Jews from slavery in Egypt.  In other words, History's first Spring Break.
A man at an auction recently bought a rare penny for $2.5 million. I don’t think the guy’s that bright because he then bought that $2.5 million for $9.6 million.
In a new interview, former candidate Herman Cain expressed interest in being offered a cabinet position.  Cain said, "I'd like to be the Secretary of Interior, because I've already been in the Interior of a Secretary." 
At the Billboard Music Awards there was a performance by a hologram of Michael Jackson. Some people felt the hologram didn’t look like the real Michael Jackson. Others say Michael Jackson didn’t look like the real Michael Jackson. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger's housekeeper said Maria Shriver became suspicious after noticing similarities between Arnold and her 13 year-old son.  For instance, last year as class president, he left the 6th grade with a 42 billion dollar deficit.   
Olive Garden’s "Never Ending Pasta Pass" is now selling on eBay for $4,000. Or, if you want to spend thousands of dollars and eat nothing but pasta, there’s also something called "college."
In last night's speech, President Trump reportedly didn’t stray from the teleprompter once. Friends are saying it’s the longest Donald Trump has stayed faithful to anything.
In Florida, a man was arrested for the second time for having sex with the same horse.  After hearing this, women everywhere said, “Great, the one guy that’s faithful and he’s into horses.”
Herman Cain's former mistress says she is writing a tell-all about her time with the former presidential candidate.  The book is called, "No one cares."
In a new interview, Hillary Clinton said the first time Bill Clinton proposed, she said no.  Hillary said the reason is, he didn’t propose marriage, he proposed a threesome.
Jeb Bush’s brother George and his mother Barbara are helping with his fundraising efforts. It’s all in keeping with Jeb Bush’s campaign slogan: "Jeb Bush: I Am My Own Man."
On Saturday, the Pope will attend an event that’s hosted by Mark Wahlberg. Wahlberg said "I’m wicked pumped to meet the f***in’ Pope."
North Korea and South Korea are considering having a joint women's ice hockey team for the Olympics. Of course, when a North Korean player enters the penalty box, they’re never seen again.
On Friday in Switzerland, a massive accelerator that is investigating the so-called "God Particle" had to be shut down because a weasel crawled inside. The weasel’s last words were, "You’re tampering with forces beyond the realm of man and God!"
Starbucks has introduced a new coffee from Australia called "The Flat White." It’s the first coffee drink ever to be named after my a**.
In a new interview, Taylor Swift says, "I never chase boys." Swift went on to say, "Once they escape from the compound, they're free to leave."
Luis Suárez, the Uruguayan World Cup player who bit an opponent, may get a two-year ban from the game. On the plus side, he has just signed a million-dollar endorsement deal with rabies.
Arnold Schwarzenegger recently commissioned three statues of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Which is weird, because I thought he had a much more fun way of making duplicates of himself.
Thank God Beyonce had her baby and can go back to work. For the past six months that family's had to live entirely on Jay-Z's salary.
Melania Trump is finally set to move into the White House next week. Apparently she’s only moving in because Trump is going to be moving out.
This week, Paula Deen is expected to appear on “The Today Show.” Deen  said she chose the Today Show because they mostly keep that Roker guy outside.
Last night was the NBA finals and the Tony Awards, so as you can imagine a lot of fighting over the remote with my wife. But in the end I gave in and let the woman watch her basketball.
Federal officials announced they will allow Disney to purchase George Lucas's company. Officials were initially worried that it would create a monopoly, but then Obi-Wan waved his hand in front of them, and suddenly it was cool.
Today, the LA Kings held a parade showing off the Stanley Cup. Usually when thousands of people in Los Angeles are lined up to see a cup it’s at Starbucks.
A new study claims regular sex can help people stay slim. Heads up guys, women do not like the pickup line, "How’d you like to lose some weight tonight?"
Yesterday at a basketball game, President and Michelle Obama were caught off guard by the kiss-cam. Meanwhile, Mitt Romney was caught off guard by the "Show Us Your Tax Returns" cam.
Several TV critics are claiming that James Franco was high while he was hosting the Oscars last night.  If that's true, it means at least SOMEBODY enjoyed the show.
Tim Robbins, the star of "The Shawshank Redemption" has begun teaching acting to inmates at a California prison.  In a related story, 800 prisoners have just tunneled out of that California prison. 
Former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson announced he is running for president as a Libertarian and he supports legalizing marijuana. You can tell he’s pro-marijuana, because he was supposed to announce he’s running four months ago.
Over the weekend, the Pope made a visit to Mexico.  In fact, it was pretty exciting—he took first place in the Spring Break Wet "Pope Hat" contest.
In a recent interview, Fran Drescher claims that she was once abducted by aliens.  It was a mistake aliens made just once. 
Honey Boo Boo and her mother spent the last several days in Los Angeles. I'm not telling you a joke, I'm just telling you why your local grocery store ran out of Cheetos.
Customs officials found $40,000 in cash in the bra and girdle of a 78-year-old woman. At least they think it’s that much money - no one really wants to go in there and check.
Burger King has started selling a burger made with 2 beef patties, 2 slices of cheese, 3 strips of bacon, and a chicken breast. Burger King says they tried selling it in the US, but Americans kept saying, "Get that health food out of my face!"
The Miss Universe pageant was last weekend, and the transgender Miss Canada did not win. Apparently, judges were not impressed by her talent, "Having an Adam's apple."
Yesterday, the Chicago Cubs fired their hitting coach.  Isn't that incredible?  The Cubs had a hitting coach.
Researchers have discovered that in ancient Mexico, wolves were frequently cross-bred with dogs. Experts describe the process as "less fun for the dog."
How many licks does it take to get to the center of an outdated TV commercial reference?
Donald Trump’s popular "Make America Great Again" hats are actually made at a California factory that employs Mexican immigrants. Even more embarrassing for Trump, his hair is made by Syrian refugees.
I granted my turkey a last request, so now I've got to wait while it watches the entire run of "Breaking Bad."
In Afghanistan, plans are in the works for an Afghani version of the sitcom "The Office."  Unfortunately, they can't find a place in Afghanistan that's as depressing as Scranton.
Microsoft has announced it will open its first flagship store in Manhattan. It’s expected to be just like the Apple Store, but without all those pesky lines in front.
A 105-year-old woman has become the oldest user on Facebook. She mostly uses Facebook to post pictures of her 81 year old baby.
Today, President Trump promised to bring back "the spirit and prestige of the FBI." Trump said, "When I'm arrested, I want to be arrested by the very best."
Both teams playing in the Super Bowl are from states where recreational marijuana is legal. Which explains why the mascot for both teams is Woody Harrelson.
Today Apple announced a much lower-priced iPhone. It’s so low-budget, you can only ask Siri questions after she gets off working her second job as a waitress.
Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is urging Congress to pass the immigration bill. Schwarzenegger said, "I support the bill –Just not the part about having to learn English."
I love autumn in L.A., when the colors change on the Fire Danger signs.
Gay marriage is now legal in New York.  If that had been the case a few years ago, Andy and I would never have left.
Giving your mom a free meal from Hooters is only fair.  Think of all those free meals from Hooters she gave you.
American Airlines is under fire after one of its flight attendants allegedly yanked a stroller away from a mother with a baby. Passengers were outraged that the attendant took the stroller and not the baby.
I love autumn in California… watching the leaves change color because they’re on fire.
I’m organizing a "creeps-only" screening of Wonder Woman in my rented storage container.
Wow, Slayer’s “Raining Blood” sure sounds less sinister on a banjo.
New England and Seattle will meet in the Super Bowl and get this - I’m from New England and my wife is from Seattle. Which means no matter who wins the Super Bowl, I lose.
Clippers owner Steve Ballmer is banning his players from using Apple products. How do I get my kids on the Clippers?
A toy company has introduced a Congressman Weiner action figure. Let's just say you don't want to know what's inside his Kung-Fu Grip.
Amazon has now made it possible for you to create a shopping profile for your pet. In fact, today, Vladimir Putin created one for Donald Trump.
The most popular boy and girl names are "Noah" and "Emma." The least popular: "Conan" and "Syphillina."
Due to the harassment scandal, Matt Lauer's wife has now left the country. She said, "I want to be where in the world Matt Lauer isn’t."
11 years between “Toy Story’s” and seven months between “Twilight’s.” By that measure, the “Jonah Hex” sequel should be out in three days.
A huge document leak has exposed shady financial dealings involving famous people like Vladimir Putin and Jackie Chan. I don’t know about you but I smell a buddy movie...
The head of the Westminster Dog Show said that the competition will not tolerate steroid use among the dogs. Which is bad news for the "Tiny-Balled Rage-a-Doodle."
Tom Brady said he wants to give the truck he was given as the Super Bowl MVP to the guy who won the Super Bowl for the Patriots. So Brady is giving his truck to Seahawks Coach Pete Carroll.
The preacher who falsely predicted the end of the world back in May now says the end of the world will be this Friday. His wife is starting to think he just doesn't want to clean out the garage.
Donald Trump said that he doesn’t believe in climate change. Trump said, "If there’s a hole in the ozone layer, just comb some ozone from another part over it."
On Thursday, KFC announced that Colonel Sanders will now be played by Reba McEntire. People haven’t been this shocked since 2007 when I took over for the Wendy’s girl.
Usher has announced that his next single will be available exclusively in boxes of Honey Nut Cheerios. Not to be outdone, Drake has announced his next release will be available inside freshly-made omelets. 
It's been projected that Americans will spend over $13 billion this Valentine's Day.  And guys who forget Valentine's Day will spend over $100 billion. 
Brigham Young University has kicked one of its star basketball players off the team for violating a school rule that prohibits sex outside of marriage. On the bright-side – something tells me he's going to do just fine in the NBA.
It’s been reported that Britain’s Queen Elizabeth has earned over $8 million from horse racing. Today the Queen said, "Two grand more and I quit this shit job."
I'm still undecided on who would be the better president: Tommy Lister from "The Fifth Element", or Terry Crews from "Idiocracy".
Adele has given birth to a baby boy. Witnesses say Adele howled in agony for nearly 10 hours, then had to cut her recording session short when she went into labor.
More than a billion new $100 bills are now in storage due to a printing error. The Fed didn't want to go into details about the error, but let's just say Ben Franklin never had a Tramp Stamp.
All this week there is record heat here in California.  In fact, today on Hollywood Boulevard, the guy who plays SpongeBob took off his squarepants.
Kids today learn about sex and Alexander Hamilton much sooner than I did.
There’s now an app that figures out the best gift for someone based on their Facebook likes. So I guess this Christmas, I’m going to be unwrapping my friend’s wife.
This week, Mike Huckabee, Martin O’Malley, Rand Paul and Rick Santorum have all decided to drop out of the race. Which explains Jeb Bush’s new campaign slogan, "I can’t take a hint."
Retired British soccer star David Beckham is telling Prince William and Kate Middleton to name their baby after him. The Royal Couple agreed and now everyone is excitedly awaiting the birth of their baby: Mr. Posh Spice.
Actress Sarah Michelle Gellar said she let her two-year-old daughter pick the outfit she wore at the Golden Globes. Which is why last night Sarah Michelle Gellar wore applesauce and an Angry Birds backpack.
The President got 70% of the Hispanic vote in Colorado and Nevada.  And in New Hampshire, Obama got the support of both Latino guys.
On Mother’s Day, moms can eat for free at Hooters. Because there's no better way to honor your mother than to take her to a sexist restaurant and not pay for anything. 
Despite budget cuts, the Obamas' dog Bo still travels with his own motorcade. After hearing this, Vice President Joe Biden said, "Wait - so why am I still taking the train?"
A new study shows that children as young as three years old can exhibit signs that they are gay. For instance, your baby is definitely gay if his first word is "Gaga."
Early reviews for the Spiderman musical are out and the Los Angeles Times called it "an artistic form of megalomania."  And that's the last thing the critic wrote before he was killed by a falling Spiderman.
Just saw Her. (Not the movie, the capitalized object pronoun.)
Confession time. Since 1997, I’ve been writing a children’s book series under the pseudonym “JK Rowling.”
Two giant pandas at a zoo in Vienna have been videotaped mating several times. Here’s the strange part: they were videotaped by another panda.
There's now a version of "Rolling Stone" magazine that's being published specifically for the Middle East. It's called, "Throwing Stone."
One of the Secret Service agents is in trouble for bragging to the prostitutes that they were there to protect President Obama. So the agent's first mistake was thinking that you have to brag to a prostitute.
New York City is about to open a Museum of Ice Cream, which will feature a "swimmable rainbow sprinkle pool." It’s perfect for anyone who’s ever said, "I like ice cream, but wouldn’t it taste better with toddler urine?"
Jeb Bush’s mother, Barbara Bush, has given her son her blessing to run for President. So now Jeb’s campaign slogan is, "My Mommy Said I Could."
In Ohio, a man is being called the Amish Bernie Madoff for running an investment scheme that swindled Amish families out of millions of dollars.  People became suspicious when they noticed his horse pulling a Lamborghini. 
Many people are in uproar about a rumor that the iPhone 5 is gonna cost $800. Apparently, the iPhone 5 is just an iPhone 4 with $500 taped to the back.
This week we celebrate 20 years of jokes – and 20 years of Andy fake-laughing.
In a recent interview, Snooki said that being pregnant felt like being hung-over. She said, "It's a familiar feeling…I'm nauseous and I can feel somebody I don't know inside of me."
Warren Buffet’s company has bought Duracell for $6.4 billion. I think he overpaid, because batteries were not included.
During last night’s Grammys, 33 gay and straight couples got married on live television. Unfortunately, due to a terrible mix up, Steven Tyler and Adele are now married.
There’s a rumor that the Lakers are trying to sign LeBron James. They’re telling him, "The weather in LA is great, plus as a Laker, you get the entire playoff season off."
I got pushed, elbowed and kicked on Black Friday. And I did all my shopping on my home computer.
It's been reported that Modern Family's Sofia Vergara is now the highest paid woman on television.  Yet, sadly, she still can't afford shirts that fit.
In France, a man has been arrested for giving marijuana to some local ducks. Authorities became suspicious when the ducks stopped eating bread – and started demanding Chex Mix.
Before announcing his decision on Afghanistan, President Trump was said to have made a 'rigorous' review of the issue. Yes, Trump said, "I must have read at least four tweets about it!"
A new Ebola vaccine is being tested in Canada. Apparently Canadians can stop Ebola, but they can’t stop the spread of Justin Bieber.
In a new interview, Michael Douglas says his throat cancer was caused by performing oral sex on too many women. The interview appears in the “Journal of Overcompensating for Having Just Played Liberace.”
Starbucks is selling a new, rare coffee that costs $7 a cup. You can order the $7 coffee by going to Starbucks and asking for their cheapest cup of coffee.
A new study claims that sexual activity improves your mental performance.  Which explains why I struggled so much in high school.
Subway has pledged that they will soon stop serving meat from animals raised with antibiotics. Meanwhile, Arby’s has pledged that it will stop serving meat from animals run over on the Interstate.
British scientists are now saying King Tut died in a chariot accident. Apparently, he was texting.
At the Oscars, none of the winners thanked God. To add insult to injury, at his last sermon the same day, the Pope thanked Harvey Weinstein and Meryl Streep.
Star Wars director George Lucas announced that he's retiring. Lucas said he wants to relax, travel a little, and spend some time digitally reworking his grandchildren.
Southwest Airlines is being criticized because they recently told two passengers that they were too fat to fly. Then things really got embarrassing when the two passengers turned out to be one guy.
The White House ethics lawyer resigned earlier today. Well technically, he didn’t resign - he was hospitalized for exhaustion.
Donald Trump just got the official endorsement of Scott Baio. After hearing about it, Trump said, "See, I’ve got the unemployed vote."
A new study found that women are more likely to orgasm if they are in a long term relationship. This is why I keep telling my wife, "Be patient."
Bernie Sanders has been nominated for a Grammy award for best audiobook. Of course, Bernie supporters are already complaining that the Grammys are rigged so that Hillary will win.
People are complaining that Katy Perry wore a very revealing outfit at the Kids' Inaugural Ball on Saturday. At least now people know why Bill Clinton was at the Kids' Inaugural Ball.
Experts are predicting that this heat wave could last until late October. Of course the good news is - that means Halloween costumes in LA are going to be sluttier than ever.
A photo has emerged from the 1960's of Bernie Sanders getting arrested during a Civil Rights protest. Meanwhile, another photo emerged from the '60s that shows Donald Trump’s wife, Melania, not being born yet.
Chinese authorities recently arrested over 900 people for selling counterfeit meat. China warned the US that the meat is being sold under its street name, "Arbys."
Today while testifying in Parliament, Rupert Murdoch was attacked by a man who threw a pie and yelled insulting names.  Murdoch immediately gave the man his own show on FoxNews.
Rumor has it that Texas Governor Rick Perry badly wants to run in the next presidential race. You can tell Perry is behind it because they’re starting to make signs that say "Perry 2017."
The Vatican is getting complaints that they're letting in too many drunken tourists. Today, the Vatican said, "Those aren't tourists, they're priests."
All the living presidents were at the opening of the George W. Bush Presidential Library. Bush demanded to know, "Where's Martin Sheen?"
Scientists at MIT have created a suit that simulates the feeling of being an 80-year-old man. Unfortunately, the guy testing the suit has wandered off. 
In New York, a group of Burger King employees dressed up their restaurant as a McDonald’s for Halloween. And in an even crazier stunt, Olive Garden employees dressed up their workplace as an Italian restaurant.
Donald Trump has fired a campaign advisor for posting racist remarks on Facebook. Isn’t that shocking - Donald Trump has a campaign advisor?
'Tis the season to contemplate how much time you're saving by saying 'tis.
Nude photos of Snooki have surfaced online.  It's either that, or pictures of a bright orange basketball being inflated.
According to a new poll, most Americans say they have at least one romantic regret.  For men, the number one romantic regret is forgetting to close the browser window.
Former President George H. W. Bush turned 90 today and celebrated by going skydiving. So if you include Obama, there were two presidents in free-fall today.
Newt Gingrich said that soon he's going to be back on top.  After hearing this, his wife said, "Please tell me he's talking about the campaign."
There was a big Halloween Party at the White House yesterday. Some of the Halloween costumes at the White House were a little over the top. For example, Melania Trump went as "Happily Married Woman."
The dating Website e-Harmony is looking for a new CEO. Strangely, the only thing it specifies in the job description is "No Fatties."
In a new interview, Oprah Winfrey says she has no regrets about not having children. Oprah said, "I feel bad enough about bringing Dr. Phil into the world."
A shortstop for the Toronto Blue Jays is in trouble for painting a homophobic slur under his eyes. But don't worry – after the game it washed off very easily in the group shower.
Actor Bradley Cooper has reportedly left his girlfriend, Renée Zellweger.  On the bright side—it will be days before Zellweger opens her eyes wide enough to notice.
Money doesn’t grow on trees. Your move, multinational agricultural biotechnology corporations.
In a speech today, Vice President Joe Biden said, "I promise you, the President has a big stick."  In a related story, Joe Biden is now banned from the Congressional gym locker room.
7-11 announced that it is developing a house wine called "Cherrywood Cellars."  Finally, a wine that you can microwave.
Now that negotiations have broken down it looks like the NBA season may be canceled.  Which explains why today, Jack Nicholson was spotted courtside at a spelling bee.
In Israel, a court ruled that a religious man cannot force a woman to move seats on an airplane just because he’s afraid of having accidental physical contact with her. It was the landmark case of Israel vs Mike Pence.
Bob Costas had to take a break from hosting the Olympic coverage due to an eye infection. In fact, his eyes are so bloodshot, he’s been made an honorary member of the US snowboarding team. 
Activists say the new battle in gay rights is the right for gay people to divorce. I think I speak for every married straight person when I say, "For God’s sake — we tried to warn you." 
President Trump's border wall prototypes are being tested this week to see if they can be climbed, broken through, or gotten around. Spoiler alert: They can.
Now that gay marriage is legalized in New York, prisons are going to allow gay inmates to have conjugal visits from their spouses. So finally prison inmates will get to have gay sex. 
The movie "Lincoln" received 12 Oscar nominations.  You know what that means: sequel!
It's come out that Bernie Sanders met with staffers to discuss a presidential run in 2020. Apparently, Bernie’s first question will be, "Will I still be alive?"
Ben Carson said he is open to being Donald Trump’s vice president. Yeah it makes sense, Carson could deliver Trump the black Republican vote - which consists of Ben Carson.
At the Cowboys football game yesterday, Chris Christie was spotted in the owner's box hugging Jerry Jones. It was right after Jones said, "Let's get some hot wings."
In a new interview, First Lady Michelle Obama said that she sneaks out of the White House "as much as possible."  After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "Damn, she found my tunnel!" 
North Korea is celebrating the one-year anniversary of Kim Jong Un's ascension to power. That's right – one year ago today, Kim Jong Un ascended to power by climbing onto a phone book.
A Budweiser Clydesdale was born on Sunday just minutes before the Budweiser puppy commercial aired during the Super Bowl. Yeah, but more shocking, it then drowned in a bathtub during the Nationwide ad.
United Airlines announced they are bringing back free snacks for the first time since 2008. Unfortunately, the snacks are also from 2008.
One of the escaped convicts in New York is said to be very well-endowed. Apparently, 10 to 12 wasn’t just his sentence.
Facebook revamped its search feature and now you can search for any post that has ever appeared on your page. It's helpful if you want to waste time this year remembering exactly how you wasted time last year.
That's right—the whitest man in show business is back…on the second blackest channel on TV.
In Mississippi this weekend, a sinkhole swallowed 12 cars in an IHOP parking lot. It’s being called "the smallest thing ever swallowed at a Mississippi IHOP."
Today, all McDonalds' in Canada are offering 67 cent burgers. As if Americans need yet another reason to move to Canada.
The Tony Awards announced that Neil Patrick Harris will host for a third time.  So once again, they've snubbed Mike Ditka.
Some doctors are now saying that Viagra is being overprescribed. But, most women are saying, "No it is not."
Archaeologists have found signs that, 15,000 years ago, people in what is now England ate the flesh of other humans.  In other words, in 15,000 years British food hasn't gotten any better.
One of the players for the Broncos' mother and grandmother will be watching the Super Bowl from prison. In other words, this guy was born to play in the NFL.  
In a new interview, Ted Cruz says he used to like rock music, but after 9/11, he prefers country. Upon hearing this, Al-Qaeda said, "That was the plan!"
I’m in and out of my car a lot faster since I made Gary Busey the voice on my GPS system.
At the time of his death, Osama bin Laden was living in a million-dollar home with his youngest wife.  In other words, if we hadn't killed him, his oldest wife would have.
Kim Jong-il will probably be replaced by his son Kim Jong-un—It's being reported that he was chosen as the new leader of North Korea over his two older brothers.  That's right, they completely passed over Kim Jong Tito and Kim Jong Jermaine.
I can’t drink Muscle Milk anymore because I discovered my body is muscle intolerant.
Yesterday the New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks - and this is true - I’m from Boston and my wife is from Seattle. So my question tonight is, does anyone have a couch I can crash on?
This holiday season, give the gift that says, "Here is your gift." Give a candle.
Marco Rubio is running for President and his wife is a former Miami Dolphins cheerleader. In other words, she knows how to generate fake enthusiasm for someone who’s not going to win.
According to a global study, American kids are way behind Asian kids in math and science. But don't worry— American kids are still way head in buying stuff made by Asian kids.
A new report reveals that Mexico has replaced the U.S. as the world’s fattest nation. In fact, now Mexicans are trying to cross the border just to ask us, “Are you going to finish that?”
According to a new worldwide sex survey, on any given day, 400 million people have sex.  Which works out to 200 million male orgasms and 5 female.
Today, for International Women's Day, women across the country protested by refusing to work. In fact earlier today Siri told me, "Look it up yourself, asshole!"
The Pope has left New York and there are six towels missing from the Four Seasons.
According to new research, too much sex can cause temporary amnesia. Finally, something that explains my photographic memory.
One of the women Congressman Weiner was sexting turns out to be a porn star.  When asked how it was possible to get involved with someone in such a sleazy business, the porn star said, "I don't know."
In his written dissent, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia implied that he disapproves of gay sex. My guess: he’s just doing it wrong.
17 more shopping days until Christmas.  So guys, that means 16 more days until we start shopping.
I took my kids to see the guy in the red suit today. That’s right, the Spider-Man on Hollywood Boulevard.
The Atlanta Braves are playing their first season in 19 years without third baseman Chipper Jones. But don't worry: He'll still be getting to third base tonight.
Best Actor nominee Bradley Cooper said that his date to the Oscars will be his mother. You'll recognize her – She'll be the only woman there that doesn't want to sleep with Bradley Cooper.
Scientists have discovered that Texas and Antarctica were once linked.  The say their first clue was when they were shot at by penguins.
Historical fact: When Galileo said the Earth revolves around the Sun, Pope Paul V said, "Fake news. Sad."
In a speech today, President Obama called for a new era of bipartisan cooperation.  He said that because Obama likes to start off a speech with a joke.
Sunday night was the final episode of "Breaking Bad."  And tonight is probably the final episode of the 113th Congress. 
Starbucks baristas are now allowed to wear fedoras. This rule change came at the request of no one.
It’s come out that a Navy Seal has been moonlighting for seven years as a porn star. Even more surprising: It turns out that the guy who killed Osama bin Laden was Ron Jeremy.
The co-pilot on the Jet Blue flight is now saying the pilot was making crazy remarks even while they were still on the ground.  They knew he'd really lost his mind when he announced, "Ladies and gentlemen, we are scheduled for an on-time departure."
During the debate last night, Marco Rubio said, "We need more welders and less philosophers." Graduates with a Philosophy degree were so furious, they got on their parents' computers and wrote angry emails.
New mom Snooki said that thanks to her baby, she is done partying.  She said the toughest thing to get used to is now when she whips her breasts out at 3 am, it's not because a DJ told her too.
A California company has developed a soda made with marijuana.  The soda is called "EXTREMELY Mello Yello."
The United States Postal Service is about to default on a 5.5 billion payment. The Post Office claims they made the payment, but the check got lost in the mail. 
Melania Trump’s home country, Slovenia, is said to be "very proud" of her. Then Slovenia admitted, "We really don’t have a lot going on."
Over the weekend, the Rolling Stones performed in Cuba. Cuban fans said, "We’re excited to see a rock band that’s even older than our cars."
Today, Kim Kardashian was at a Barnes & Noble in New York signing copies of her new book of selfies. Extra security was on hand just in case any real books tried to get too close to Kim Kardashian.
To protest the lack of gun control reform, Congressional Democrats are sitting on the floor of the House. The sit-in consists of more than 30 Democrats and 2 Republicans who thought it was a hot yoga class.
Before tonight’s debate, President Obama told Hillary Clinton, "Be yourself." Then Obama told Donald Trump, "Please please please be yourself."
Some experts are saying the "morning-after" pill has become so politically divisive, it should be given a different name. Right now the name conservatives are pushing is, "Flintstone Chewables for Sluts."
The United Nations has voted to lift trade sanctions it imposed on Iraq in 1990.  Residents of Iraq are excited – and say they can't wait to get the new Boyz II Men album.
China has banned cigarette smoking in schools. Fortunately, children in China can still smoke at their jobs.
Mark Zuckerberg celebrated the birth of his daughter with the pledge to give away 99% of his wealth.  Which is why his daughter’s first words were “that son of a b****.”
In a new interview, President Obama said that he thinks Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj can fix their feud. So it sounds like he's ready for the second debate.
They're coming out with a new, updated version of the ancient sex manual "The Kama Sutra." I think they may have made it too modern, because the first position it describes is "The Dougie."
Who knew it was considered “harassment” to ask female interns if my Speedo’s too tight?
Starbucks has a Halloween-themed Frappuccino. It’s Halloween-themed because the price of it will scare the sh** out of you.
Prince William and Kate Middleton’s baby’s name is Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge. The parents said, “We wanted a name that reflects his great history and gets him beaten up everyday at school.” 
In a recent interview, Ben Carson said President Obama couldn’t identify with Black Americans because he was "raised white." So if you’re keeping score, according to Republicans, President Obama was raised white as a Muslim in Kenya.
A sadist enjoys hurting other people, a masochist goes camping.
NJ Gov. Chris Christie revealed that he underwent a surgery earlier this year that restricts the amount of food he can eat.  As a result, 12 animals have been removed from the endangered species list.
The five staffers who quit Michele Bachmann's campaign said they did so because she treated them as "second-class citizens." However, Bachmann says, "That's not true. At no time did I treat them like gays or Latinos."
United Airlines is under fire for destroying a man’s custom-made $42,000 wheelchair. It’s all part of their new slogan, "United Airlines: Walk It Off, Bitch."
A photo from Sochi has gone viral that shows an elevator with nothing but "up" buttons. However, that is perfectly normal, says Sochi Olympics organizer Willy Wonka.
I know God doesn’t make mistakes, but I think even He would agree grapefruit was a misfire.
At a medical center in Florida, a teenage boy was arrested for posing as a gynecologist. His patients grew suspicious when he nervously struggled to unhook their bra.
During the Ravens' Super Bowl celebration, the Super Bowl trophy went missing.  Coach John Harbaugh immediately called his mother and said, "Mom make Jim give it back."
Paris Hilton’s brother claims that Lindsay Lohan had someone beat him up.  Lohan said, "That’s ridiculous, if I wanted to hurt someone I’d use my car."
Star Wars producers revealed the names of their new characters. One of them is Charles Schwab.
Last night, NPR was hacked by a group called the Syrian Electronic Army. Which explains why, for five seconds last night, NPR was exciting.
The Garmin company is now offering a new GPS device that has the voice of Yoda. Maybe it's just me, but if I'm getting turn-by-turn directions, do I really want someone who speaks backwards?
The biggest surprise in the upcoming "Han Solo" prequel is that he was born Henry Solowitz in Parsippany, NJ.
John Kasich gave a 30-minute speech in New York City. Afterwards, the crowd applauded Kasich and then put $8.34 in his hat.
A reporter claims she was pushed down by one of Donald Trump’s campaign advisers. Isn’t that crazy? - Donald Trump has a campaign adviser.
The state of Montana is suing the maker of Oxycontin over the opioid epidemic. In a related story, the state of Wisconsin announced it is suing food.
According to a new study, people addicted to Internet porn have short term memory loss. The study also found that people addicted to Internet porn have short term memory loss.  
I hear the iPhone 7 is going to be a landline!
I can’t hear "Sweet 16" without thinking of the special party my parents threw for me in high school.
In his speech last night, Donald Trump proposed new screening to prevent violent extremists from entering the US. In response, Trump’s supporters said, "But we’re already here."
A new study claims the stress of being president takes three years off your life. So suddenly everyone is thinking of voting for Trump.
Worked out with kettlebells this morning and didn’t get arrested. What am I doing wrong?
A NASA scientist has warned that Earth is unprepared for a surprise asteroid hit and said, "There’s not a hell of a lot we can do about it." So, ladies and gentlemen, Happy Holidays!
A new study suggests that men's brains process sexy women in commercials as objects, not as human beings.  Whatever, all I know is that thing with big boobs told me to buy yogurt. 
Taco Bell is introducing several new items they're calling their "Volcano Menu." Experts say it's perfect for people who are tired of having diarrhea – and ready to have VOLCANIC diarrhea.
Daniel Radcliffe said he had sex with groupies. Radcliffe said he looks forward to someday doing it with a woman whose retainer doesn't get stuck in his wizard hat.
In an impromptu press conference, President Trump said, "The hate and the division must stop." For a minute, the crowd got excited, because they thought Trump was resigning.
Nickelodeon has fired a male producer after multiple accusations of sexual harassment. He’s the creator of Nickelodeon’s, "Spongebob No-Pants."
Vice President Mike Pence denies he’s planning to run for president in 2020. He said, "I’m pretty sure I’ll be president way before then."
Donald Trump has called for a ban on all immigration to the United States. Of course, Trump said the ban would be lifted if he ever needs a new wife.
In a new interview, Vinny from "Jersey Shore" says some of his co-stars are destined for failure after the show ends. Then he said, "Now if you'll excuse, I have a pizza to deliver."
Only the second known photo of Emily Dickinson has been published. US Weekly’s “Stars Without Makeup” just keeps getting better.
John Boehner is blaming President Obama for the border crisis. Boehner is also blaming Obama for global warming, tensions in the Middle East and the latest "Transformers" movie.  
In Fresno, California, a man was found to be running a meth lab at a retirement community. Or as he was known to residents, "The guy who stays up until 8."
Nobody spoil the presidential race for me - I’m planning to just binge-watch it in 2017.
In England, a dominatrix is saying that a prominent politician used to hire her for services. Of course, a dominatrix in England is someone who ties you down and flosses you.
The CEO of JetBlue has announced that he will step down in February. Of course, it being JetBlue, his actual departure may be delayed until March.
I have a love/hate relationship with strong contradictory emotions.
A new study says we should change how we feed cows so they don’t produce so much of the greenhouse gas: methane.  The first step they recommend — eliminate "Taco Night."
Hillary Clinton is not the first woman to run for President - that title belongs to Victoria Woodhull who ran in 1872. Her running mate was a young, scrappy John McCain.
I've noticed that men who tell women to "smile more" rarely comply when politely asked to "exist less."
Jeb Bush came in sixth place in Iowa. Jeb blamed his poor performance on people watching the debates and actively following the campaign.
Police raided an ice cream parlor this week under suspicion it was doubling as a crack den. They grew suspicious when the ice cream parlor recently released their new flavor, "Cookies and Crack."
This weekend, Bill Clinton tweeted that he was in Houston visiting Former President George H.W. Bush. However, he ended the tweet with #Alibi.
In Africa, some teenagers created a generator that converts urine into electricity. If you think that's insane, you should see their bong.
The Supreme Court is deciding whether television networks have to censor profanity or not. Well, all I have to say is, keep us posted, assholes!
President Trump and the First Lady are visiting France. Now, there have been some misunderstandings due to the language barrier, like at dinner when Melania was offered a crepe and she said, "No thanks, I’m married to one."
On this day, Jesus broke free from the giant chocolate egg and led his bunny army to victory against the Nazis!
A big snowstorm set to hit Washington DC is being called, "The Snowquester."  Democrats say it could be 10 inches – Republicans want it cut down to 2. 
It's being reported that this week Borders Books will declare bankruptcy. I don't know how this happened, but I learned about it while reading a magazine in Borders Books that I had no intention of buying.
As you may have heard, all of the television writers including ours, might go on strike at midnight tonight. So there’s a chance tomorrow my writers will spend all day dressed like slobs and downloading porn - and that’s if there’s not a strike.
The NFL has suspended Tom Brady for four games over Deflategate. They’re going to punish him by making him stay home in his mansion with his supermodel wife and think about what he did wrong.
A recent study has found that people with high IQs are more likely to be up late.  In a related story, TBS is moving us to afternoons at 3pm.
Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, donated $2.5 million dollars to support the legalization of gay marriage. In fact, today I was on Amazon and no matter what I tried to buy it said, "You might also like ‘Men.'"
I had an amazing weekend. You want to hear about it? I caught up on some sleep by watching the Mayweather-Pacquaio fight.
Today members of the conservative Christian clergy met with Donald Trump. They came out of the meeting proclaiming "THERE IS NO GOD!"
Justin Bieber sent out a tweet mocking the woman who falsely claimed he fathered her child with the message "You'll never get this."  In response, the woman tweeted, "If you're talking about your hairstyle I already have it."
A lot of World Cup soccer players have been faking injuries to draw a penalty from the other team.  Meanwhile, a lot of Americans have been faking following the World Cup. 
A new report suggests that only 15% of the articles on Wikipedia are written by women. This explains why the Wikipedia article on "The Vagina" is subtitled, "The Cave of Mystery."
In South America, a tribe of Amazonian Indians have made contact with the outside world for the first time. The tribe was shocked by skyscrapers, cars, and that "Grey’s Anatomy" is still on the air.
BlackBerry now allows users to retract already sent text messages. They say the #1 retracted text message is "I still use a Blackberry."
Yesterday, Alex Rodriguez hit his first home run of the year and the final season of "Breaking Bad" premiered. In other words—  it was a big day for drug dealers.
In Florida, a naked woman on drugs stopped at an intersection and then masturbated on the hood of a car. Police arrived on the scene, watched for 40 minutes, and then arrested her.
In Sochi, a man who criticized the Sochi Games was sentenced to three years in a prison colony. After hearing the sentence, the man said, "It’s still better than a hotel in Sochi."
It’s raining so hard now, we’re actually having mudslides here in LA. This morning I was driving to work and I was passed by a house.
Melanie Griffith has erased her Antonio Banderas tattoo.  So she and I no longer have that in common.
At last night’s Golden Globes, the movie "The Martian" won for Best Comedy or Musical. In a related story, the Golden Globes won the prize for “Best Cop Drama Or Best Latin Gospel Album.”
The kid on the show "Two and a Half Men," actor Agnus T. Jones just gave an interview where he called the show "filth" and said it goes against his Christian values. Then he cashed a check for one million dollars.
I'm pretty sure karate was invented by a guy and a bee.
According to a new study, parents tend to select baby names that can be easily typed on the right side of a keyboard. Which may explain why I have a new niece named, "backspace semi colon."
Republican Congressman Phil Hinkle, who voted to ban gay marriage, was caught propositioning a male prostitute. When asked to explain himself, Hinkle said, "Well I wasn't going to marry him!"
Just heard Charlize Theron will play the villain in "Fast & Furious 8." This is the fifth role I've lost to her since "Monster."
In North Carolina, a man robbed a bank while dressed as Darth Vader. He’s believed to be armed and a virgin.
It’s being reported that the richest man in the world right now is a Mexican billionaire. His name? Mitt Romniguez.
A surveillance camera at an Idaho high school appears to have caught evidence of a ghost. Later, officials examined the milky white image and concluded it was just another resident of Idaho.
A woman in California is in trouble for injecting her 8-year-old daughter with Botox.  The 8-year-old is the first kid in history who made a face and it really did stay that way. 
Congress may allow Americans to start selling horse meat for human consumption.  When they heard the news, McDonald's immediately unveiled their new breakfast offering: "the Seabiscuit Biscuit."
Yesterday, Kim Jong Un made his first public appearance in over a month. And I have to say - he was great on "The View."
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson says agents are allowed to use "lethal force" to stop someone from entering the White House. Unfortunately, this may cut down on the number of trick-or-treaters at the White House this year.
This weekend, Pope Benedict XVI released a dove from his window, only to see it get viciously attacked by a seagull. So, either there is no God, or there is a God and he's hilarious.
"Can you believe the latest Trump thing?" has become the new "'sup."
Some scientists say it’s theoretically possible that there may be a universe where time moves backwards. So finally, some good news for Laker fans.
After Hillary Clinton’s health scare yesterday, Donald Trump has said he will release his medical records and he said he’s expecting some "very large numbers."
In Ohio, a teenager was arrested after he toured a high school pretending to be a State Senator. Officials grew suspicious when they realized there’s no State Senator named Heywood Jablowme.
Katy Perry has a new song about her divorce called, "By the Grace of God." It’s more tasteful than the original song about her divorce, "Say Good Bye To These!"
A bank in Washington was robbed by two men in George W. Bush masks. Luckily, right afterwards, two guys in Obama masks came and bailed the bank out.
In a recent poll, Red Lobster was voted one of the top 10 places that cheaters like to bring their dates. Which explains their new slogan, "Red Lobster: A Great Place To Get Crabs!"
This weekend, the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey" opens. The movie lasts 125 minutes - unless you say the "safe word."
This weekend was the annual National Federation of Republican Women convention. Or as Donald Trump called it, "A total dog show."
My stream of consciousness puts James Joyce to needlenose pliers.
Let me get this straight - we can put a man on the moon but we can’t replace the sound of my toilet flushing with a rimshot?
Many new Starbucks locations will no longer have tables or chairs. The CEO of Starbucks said, "From now on, you're going to have to write your crappy screenplays at Chipotle."
A new Kanye West Christmas song has been leaked online. It's called "Enough About the Baby Jesus – Let's Talk About Me."
Guards at Guantanamo Bay tried to coerce inmates into giving information by playing them songs from Sesame Street.  It worked—one prisoner broke down and confessed, "Rubber Ducky—HE's the one!"
Late last night, a phenomenon occurred that scientists say won’t happen again until next fall. That’s right, the Lakers won.
Apple is working with medical professionals to see if Apple Watches can detect heart problems. Here’s how it works, if the Apple Watch doesn’t fit around your wrist, you have a heart problem.
The creators of Siri are working on a new digital assistant that will make up for Siri’s shortcomings, named Viv. Before you dump Siri for Viv, just remember, Siri still has all your dick pics.
Lamborghini has announced a major recall of their cars. So, if you have a Lamborghini, please return it to your local rerun of "Miami Vice."
Today, residents of Los Angeles are voting on a measure that would allow the city to tax any product sold at a medical marijuana dispensary.  If the measure passes, Los Angeles could be financially solvent in forty five minutes.
Over the weekend, Mitt Romney made an appearance at a NASCAR race in Virginia. There was an awkward moment when he asked a NASCAR driver why he didn't just "hire a chauffeur."
Campbells is recalling over 300,000 cans of Spaghettios. Turns out, they contain a very dangerous substance called “Spaghettios.”
Bill O'Reilly revealed that he is mad at God for putting him through his sexual harassment scandal. Today, God refused to comment, instead, she just laughed.
In Sochi, Russia where the Olympics are being held there’s a mall where the only store currently open is a Cinnabon. Or as Americans refer to it – a mall that caters to all of our needs. 
A mother in China gave birth to a 15 lb. baby. Chinese officials say it's so big, it can do the work of two babies.
The online dating site Match.com says it will begin screening its members against a sex offender registry.  The site expects to be pervert-free by July and out of business by August.
Today, President Obama met with a group of CEOs from top companies about creating more jobs for Americans.  The CEOs told Obama, "We'll see what we can do" then they went back home to China.
The new issue of "Newsweek" features President Obama on the cover with the caption, "The First Gay President."  Apparently, the new managing editor of Newsweek is a 3rd grade bully.
Two of Former Vice President Dick Cheney’s daughters are fighting publicly over the issue of same sex marriage. Dick Cheney says it pains him that his daughters are feuding. He said, "It’s the first time I’ve ever felt conflicted about a war."
Princess Leia's "slave bikini" from "Return of the Jedi" has sold at auction for $96,000. The bikini is perfectly intact, as is the buyer’s virginity.
HBO has announced it will be laying off nearly 150 employees. That’s not HBO staff - that’s just characters getting killed off in the first episode of "Game of Thrones."
"The Hobbit" came out last weekend; it's the story of a small man wandering around with a ring. That's right – It's about Tom Cruise's search for a new wife.
Tracy Morgan held a press conference to officially apologize to the homosexual community. Not helping is that he said, "I'm sorry for my remark—that was totally gay of me."
In Russia, in protest of an annual event called "Police Day," a man nailed his testicles to the cobblestone pavement. This morning, he was thinking, "Maybe I should have just made a sign."
Yesterday at the DNC, Elizabeth Warren said, "Trump's entire campaign is just one more late-night Trump infomercial." Trump called her "stupid" then said, "But wait there’s more…"
Mitt Romney has joined Rick Santorum in signing "the marriage pledge" which opposes gay marriage.  Then, while signing, something magical happened between the two of them and now, they're spending the weekend together.
TMZ is reporting that Sharon Osbourne is not going to reconcile with Ozzy Osbourne until he proves to her he'll stay sober. After hearing this, Ozzy said, "Who's Sharon Osbourne?"
This Friday, "The Three Musketeers" opens.  I'm not talking about the movie, I'm talking about the giant candy bar in Kirstie Alley's purse. 
Adidas is offering $1 million to any NFL prospect that can break the record for the 40-yard-dash. The current NFL record for the 40-yard-dash is Cam Newton leaving a press conference.
The nation of Uganda is getting slammed for a new bill sentencing people to prison for homosexuality. The bill was drafted by Uganda’s "Committee On Not Understanding What Goes on in Prison."
In Texas, a Tea Party candidate who's Hispanic has won the Republican Senate Nomination.  His campaign slogan is "I Hate Me."
If he’s elected president, the unmarried Senator Lindsay Graham said, "We’ll have a rotating first lady." When asked for comment, Bill Clinton said, "been there, done that."
New York City is replacing electronic voting booths with 50-year-old lever machines.  When reached for comment, Anthony Weiner said, "I was already planning on going into the booth and pulling a 50 year old lever."
Donald Trump showed up at the Iowa State Fair in a helicopter. Of course, nobody could hear the helicopter over Donald Trump.
President George W. Bush's new memoir came out this week and it has already sold 800,000 copies.  In a related story, the Bush Presidential Library announced it purchased its first 800,000 books.
The U.S. unemployment rate is the lowest it’s been in nearly seven years. The job sector that’s seen the most growth lately is in the field of Republican presidential candidates.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is going to return to the next "Terminator" movie. In this one, Arnold goes back in time to erase all traces of him hosting "Celebrity Apprentice."
This afternoon, an Egyptian general told thousands of Cairo protesters, "All your demands will be met today."  When the crowd shouted, "Democracy" the general responded, "Almost all your demands will be met today."
A reporter recently asked Governor Rick Perry if he thought he was smart enough to be President. Perry said, "Hey, I was smart enough to get elected President of Texas, wasn't I?"
In the UK, horsemeat was found in some products at Taco Bell. Which explains Taco Bell's new slogan "You can lead a horse to Taco Bell – we'll take it from there."
If Trump runs for the White House, how will he decide between Gary Busey and Meatloaf for Vice President?
Charlie Hunnam, the lead actor cast in the "50 Shades of Grey" movie, has dropped out. I guess unlike the characters in the book, he didn’t want to be tied down for three months.
In a recent interview, Katy Perry revealed that she would like to become a serious actress.  She then did a monologue from “MacBeth” in a bra made of ice cream.    
It’s been predicted that Americans will consume 1.2 billion chicken wings on Super Bowl Sunday. And then after breakfast, they’ll tune into the Super Bowl.
According to a new study, a poorly chosen baby name can lead to a lifetime of low self-esteem. So I just want to take one second and apologize to my son, Conan Jr.
McDonald's is now trying to make their restaurants more like Starbucks.  As a result, Starbucks is no longer the most depressing place to work on your screenplay. 
At her confirmation hearing today, Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch declared that waterboarding is "torture." Then she said, "But it’s still not as bad as the new Johnny Depp movie."
The head of CNN has vowed to add more reality shows to the channel. So be sure and tune in to the new Wolf Blitzer family show, "Raised by Wolf."
It’s rumored that Brad Pitt had been cheating on Angelina Jolie with an actress who looks like a young Angelina Jolie. As a result, he’s about to have the bank account of a Young Brad Pitt.
The "Wonder Woman" movie shattered the glass ceiling, breaking $100 million in box office sales. In fact, the only way "Wonder Woman" could have done better is if she had campaigned in Wisconsin.
Hamilton College announced it’s holding an orgasm workshop for female students this Monday.  The workshop was open to male students, but they couldn’t hold on until Monday.
For the first time since 2007, the FDA has approved a new device to treat obesity. This amazing breakthrough is called a "vegetable."
At the debate, CNN gave each candidate a nickname—Michele Bachmann was "The Firebrand" and Rick Perry was the "The Newcomer." Meanwhile, Newt Gingrich was, "The Guy Who Ate All the Snacks in the Green Room."
Some videos of racially insensitive Halloween costumes went viral today. Then people realized they were just watching footage of a Washington Redskins game.
Donald Trump has yet to pick a Secretary of State. Right now it’s between Mitt Romney and a guy spinning a sign in front of a We Buy Gold shop.
Toyota has unveiled a new state-of-the-art design for a "car of the future." The car is so advanced, that when it's recalled, it can actually drive itself back to the Toyota dealership.
McDonald's launched a new publicity campaign to dispute the claim that its food is so artificial, it doesn’t rot. That explains their new slogan: "McDonald’s - Our Food Totally Rots!"
An anonymous bidder paid $1 million for a private lunch with billionaire investor Warren Buffett. The first tip Warren Buffet gave him is, “Stop paying 1 million dollars for lunch – you moron.”
A flight attendant from Orange County insists that her son is NOT another Arnold Schwarzenegger love child. Then she said, "Now if you'll excuse me – I'm late for Arnie Jr.'s bus-lifting tournament."
President Trump says he’s planning to travel less to other countries than previous presidents. The idea was first suggested to him by other countries.
Now that football’s over, I have my Sundays back. Get ready, Santa Monica Men’s Quilting Workshop!
Colin Powell said recently that the Republican candidates are playing "junior high school tricks on one another." Powell then excused himself to take a call from someone looking for Dick Hertz.
I consider 2013 a pretty good year for me because I didn’t appear in any pistachio commercials.
General Mills recalled almost two million boxes of gluten-free Cheerios because, guess what, they contain gluten. General Mills will repackage the cereal under its new name "Glute Loops."
The TSA is trying out a new screening program that replaces patdowns with seeing how passengers react to a series of questions. Unfortunately the first question is, "Wow—are those real?"
A 114-year-old woman in Japan is now officially the world's oldest woman. This was exciting news for the world's 2nd oldest woman, Steven Tyler.
Quiznos filed for bankruptcy protection? So where are all the people who never ate there not going to eat?
My version of a meltdown is spending five minutes angrily shouting the word, "chambray" to LL Bean's automated voice recognition system.
At a gas station in Texas, a woman purchased what she thought was a $200 iPad that turned out to just be a mirror. Let that be a lesson: make sure you buy your iPad from a reputable gas station.
After Donald Trump’s derogatory comments about immigrants, NBC has officially cancelled "Celebrity Apprentice." Think about it, Donald Trump isn’t even president yet, and he’s already made America a better place.
Somebody in Utah has come down with a rare allergy to water. The person’s going to be fine though, because they just moved to California.
Kevin Trudeau, the "king of infomercials," has been sent to jail for fraud. The judge sentenced him to 10 years, and then said, "But wait, there’s more!", and added another five years.
Kim Kardashian is being criticized for using too much water to maintain her lawn during the drought. Today, Kim denied it, saying "Ask anyone who knows me, my lawn is completely shaved."
A Massachusetts medical clinic is trying to entice men to get a vasectomy by offering a free pizza. The disturbing part is, for both the pizza and the vasectomy, they use the same "rolling-wheel-knife."
When you see a walker in LA, it’s not because they’re a zombie—it just means they have a DUI. 
In Portland, Oregon, a group of African-Americans are protesting a new Trader Joe’s location because they say it will attract too many white people. Which is ironic because Portland is the Native American word for, "too many white people."
There’s a rumor that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is planning to run for President. He must really want to win, because today Zuckerberg sent Vladimir Putin a friend request.
Today, a blackout in India left 370 million people without power.  And that was just on one block.
Good news—Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak announced he will not run for another term as President. The bad news is, this Spring he's taking over for Regis.
President Obama is proposing to keep student loans cheap, as a way to appeal to college students. If that doesn't work, Obama is going to switch to his second proposal: "Hey everybody, free pizza in my room!"
A new study finds that marijuana is the #1 illegal drug used around the world. Stoners across the globe were going to throw a huge celebration, but then a rerun of "Cake Boss" came on.
In New York City, a sex toy company is going to allow women to try out vibrators at a pop-up shop. Well technically, it’s more of a "pop-in" shop.
Ferrari has unveiled its fastest car ever and it has a 730 horsepower engine. It goes from zero to "forget I have a small penis" in 2.3 seconds.
President Obama reportedly scheduled his speech on Libya so it would not interfere with "Dancing With the Stars."  So as of now the Obama policy is: "He's willing to embroil us in a 3rd war, but not willing to interrupt the Karate Kid's Macarena."
President Obama has issued an order allowing some illegal immigrants to stay in the U.S.  Mitt Romney says he's fine with this plan, at least until his landscaping is finished.
The fast food chain In-N-Out is being sued for allegedly putting meth in someone’s milkshake. On the bright side, employee productivity is up 800%.
Lady Gaga agreed to make a $250,000 donation to assist California drought relief. Gaga also agreed to stop watering her hats. 
I've been practicing like crazy, and I now play just as well as Jimi Hendrix. I'm talking about shuffleboard.
In a new interview, Newt Gingrich said when it comes to sex scandals, he's not as bad as Bill Clinton.  After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "You got that right" and high-fived every guy on Earth. 
Today is Cyber Monday, the biggest day of the year for online shopping. Cyber Monday was started by a bunch of nerds who were beat up on Black Friday.
It's 106 degrees outside here.  That's right – Another crisp fall day in LA.
There’s a new internet trend called "The Cheerio Challenge" that has parents stacking Cheerios on the faces of their sleeping babies. The trend was started by a group known as "Dicks."
A California man won a $1,000 lottery prize and immediately bought more tickets and won $10 million more. So another round of congratulations to Mark Zuckerberg!
An ex-employee is suing the Insane Clown Posse, saying she had to perform "illegal acts." The woman says, “That was not the level of professionalism and sophistication I expected when I joined the 'Insane Clown Posse'."
Carl’s Jr. has debuted a new dessert that features vanilla ice cream sandwiched between 2 strawberry pop tarts.  In other words, Carl’s Jr. will never live to become Carl’s Sr.
In May, the former president of Trader Joe’s will open a store that sells only expired food. The new store will be known as "7-Eleven."
Chris Hansen, the host of "To Catch a Predator," was caught cheating on his wife with a woman 20 years younger than him. Hansen knew something was up when he walked into his kitchen this morning and he was already there, waiting for himself.
China announced it will no longer buy recycled trash from the U.S. I don't have a joke here—I'd just like to give a round of applause to whatever genius has BEEN selling trash to China.
Steven Tyler defended Beyoncé after she lip-synced at President Obama's inauguration. Tyler said, "I know how she feels, I did the same thing at the Harry Truman Inauguration."
MTV announced its bringing back the original cast of "Jersey Shore." Can you believe it? Every single cast member was available!
Today, the Dow ended down 249 points.  I’m sorry - did I say "the Dow"? I’m sorry I meant the Lakers.
Tom Cruise made his first public comments about his divorce from Katie Holmes and said, "I didn't see it coming." Apparently, Katie kept her divorce papers on top of the refrigerator.
An archaeologist is claiming he’s discovered an amazing lost city in Kansas. Then he realized he just got drunk and watched the Wizard of Oz.
Today, the state of Delaware issued a formal apology for slavery. Delaware also tweeted to Native Americans "hashtag my bad."
Yesterday, Justin Bieber turned 21 years old. Justin started celebrating on Saturday five years ago.
In Nashville, a woman named Peyton Manning was arrested for possession of cocaine. Either that, or the football player Peyton Manning really likes to switch thing up in the off season. 
The entire Northeast is being hit by Winter Storm Stella, the first blizzard of 2017. Of course now that Obamacare is getting repealed, it’s nice to see something still covering half the country.
There's a new trend of pregnant women trying to induce labor by having sex in the delivery room. In a related story, there's a new trend of babies being born and saying, "Good God— what the hell was that !"
Instagram has released a new app that creates 1-second videos. So finally, the proper format to release the “Conan O’Brien Sex Tape.”
Burger King has just come out with a "Lucky Charms" cereal milkshake. It’s all part of their new slogan, "When You’re Here, You’re Probably High."
Nevada announced it will now look the other way on gay marriage.  Unless two attractive lesbians are getting married—then it will stare.
The Catholic Church has updated the wording of some of their prayers. One of the more controversial changes is that it now refers to God as "Jesus' Baby-Daddy."
In a new interview, Vice President Joe Biden said the sitcom "Will & Grace" made America more comfortable with gay people.  Biden also said the sitcom character Urkel made America more comfortable with President Obama.
Last night, the GOP debate took place in Las Vegas. CNN said the Republicans chose that location because "nothing says fiscal responsibility and wise choices like Las Vegas."
The rumor is Mitt Romney is getting overconfident. At least, that was the talk today at the Romney Presidential Library.
After being accused of being too vague, Mitt Romney's campaign team says they will start being more specific. When asked when, they said, "Soonish."
McDonald’s plans to nearly double its restaurants in China. In other words, China is getting rid of its one child policy and its one chin policy.
In Australia, a couple was saved from drowning by using their inflatable sex doll as a raft. Afterwards, the husband turned to the wife and said, "And you wanted to leave her at HOME!"
There’s a proposed bill in New York that would allow medical marijuana to be prescribed for menstrual cramps. Which is why millions of men in New York are now saying "it is my time of the month."
Justin Bieber was detained in his garage during a search of his Los Angeles home.  Even worse, police made him sit in his car seat.
A recent study has found that curing baldness may be possible through a procedure using human foreskins. When they heard, bald guys said, "You know what—we’re good."
A new study just came out and reveals Americans are getting fatter and giving up on their diets. The study was conducted by going to a water park for five minutes.
In a new survey, 1 in 5 Americans believe that God steers the economy.  So mystery solved—God is Chinese.
During an interview on The Today Show, Paula Deen started crying and said, “I is what I is.’ So apparently Deen’s not racist – she’s Popeye!”
According to the Census Bureau, white people will not be the majority in the US by the year 2043. So this is even more bad news for the National Hockey League. 
The TSA has announced that, starting this summer, it will post wait times at the nation’s top airports. That way, while your belt is already off, you can decide if you want to hang yourself.
A new study says that teenagers are losing interest in Facebook because it’s too popular with their parents. The same goes for weed.
Presidential candidate Rick Santorum has said that he thinks states should be able to ban both sodomy and birth control.  Which is weird because when you think about it, sodomy is birth control.
Last night on the X-Factor, Khloe Kardashian had a nip slip.  After hearing about it, people in the northeast said, "You know – Maybe losing power isn't so bad."
In an interview, First Lady Michelle Obama said the most popular Obama is the family's Portuguese water dog, Bo. When Donald Trump heard this, he said, "I want to see that Portuguese bitch's papers."
Over the weekend, scientists thought they discovered hundreds of never-before-seen dinosaur tracks on a beach in France. However, the scientists later realized that Gerard Depardieu had just gone for a swim.
Being pale in Southern California isn’t easy, which is why I appreciate the judgment-free environment at Turtleneck Beach.
Anthony Weiner has been sentenced to nearly two years in jail for sexting with a teenager. Weiner said, "Come on your honor, by the time I get out she’s going to be 20."
Mexico’s number one drug lord has escaped from prison and he may be headed to the U.S. So Donald Trump was wrong, they are sending us their best.
Yesterday, Donald Trump repeated his false assertion that America’s murder rate is the highest it’s been in 47 years. Then someone pointed out to Trump that he was just binge watching "Game of Thrones."
Rahm Emanuel is expected to win today's mayoral election in Chicago.  Of course in keeping with Chicago tradition, his victory was announced two weeks ago.
For the first time, a gay group will be allowed to march in New York City’s St. Patrick’s Day parade. So, if you’re at next year’s parade and you see two Irish men rolling around on the ground, it might not be a fight.
Despite losing all three primaries yesterday, Rick Santorum is still refusing to drop out of the race.  Although, it shouldn't be a surprise that the guy with seven kids isn't that good at pulling out.
For the first time ever, the Miss America Pageant is going to have a gay contestant, Miss Missouri. It will also have its first bi contestant, Miss North and South Dakota.
Donald Trump is threatening to sue the producers of particularly "nasty" campaign ads. Trump said, "especially the ones that use my exact words."
A Republican Congressman has accused Democrats of waging a "war on whites." As proof, he pointed to the recent bombing of the kale aisle of a Trader Joe’s.
Yes, I know what you guys are thinking, "Hey, it's the guy from Twitter."
A Fox News analyst has been suspended for calling President Obama a "total p****." Not because the word is obscene - because Republicans found it too close to a discussion of women’s health issues.
It was reported today that 62 people own half of the world’s wealth. The other half bet on the Green Bay Packers.
FOX News host Megyn Kelly said she was just kidding when she said Santa Claus was white. However she’s standing by her statement that the Grinch Who Stole Christmas is definitely Jewish.
"Star Wars" fans started lining up for "The Force Awakens" 12 days early. So if you see people in LA sitting on the sidewalk in robes muttering about space ships, they might be "Star Wars" fans.
97 tech companies have filed a legal brief opposing Donald Trump’s travel ban. It took a week though, because all of their IT guys were detained at the airport.
The new James Bond movie in production features the oldest ever Bond girl. Which explains why he spends a lot of the movie repeating, "I SAID BOND, JAMES BOND."
For the first time ever, a black Republican woman has been elected to Congress. President Obama gave her a congratulatory call and told her, "You’re all set - this country never turns against the first black anything."
A former Catholic priest who left the church to marry his girlfriend is getting a new TV show. It's called "You Won't Believe How I Met Your Mother."
Last night two of the speakers at the Democratic Convention were identical twins brothers Joaquin and Julian Castro. Apparently, promising identical twins was the only way to get Bill Clinton to show up.
A video banning masturbation has been released by Brigham Young University.  Students at Brigham Young told the university, "So it’s okay for you to release something?"
Donald Trump said that he’s always had a great relationship with "the women." Not helping matters is that he said it to someone that he called "The Mexican."
Hillary Clinton’s new campaign slogan is "Stronger Together." Which replaces her old slogan, "Goddammit, It’s My Turn!"
In a recent interview, the Obamas complained that the wi-fi in the White House is weak. That’s why, as of this morning, President Obama and his family have moved into a Starbucks.
This weekend, President Trump tweeted that President Obama tapped his phones at Trump Tower. Trump said it was particularly upsetting because he’s a private man who likes to keep his thoughts to himself.
Of course the really big showbiz story this weekend involved a bunch of hairy primates taking over everything with no way to stop them. But enough about the "Jersey Shore" premiere.
Last night, the Louisville Cardinals defeated the Michigan Wolverines to win the National Championship.  People in Michigan were angry and depressed and then, they heard about the game.
I challenge you to find any YouTube video that wouldn’t be improved by the addition of a Basset Hound dressed as Sherlock Holmes.
Today is Columbus Day and fun fact, ladies and gentlemen - Christopher Columbus died a bitter and penniless man. Ironically, he lost everything at an Indian casino.
In his new book, Donald Trump claims he deserves credit for helping make Lady Gaga a star.  Trump's exact quote was, "It was my idea to go out in public with weird, crazy shit on your head."
Charlie Sheen is selling the house he's lived in since 1997.  Sheen's realtor says the house is perfect for a young threesome just starting out.
At a Starbucks, a woman got angry because a barista wrote "Vagina" on her latte. She got even angrier when the barista wrote "latte" on her vagina.
Telemundo will host its first ever Republican Presidential Debate.  The Republican candidates will take questions from Telemundo journalists and then have them deported.
Pope Benedict XVI has said he will resign at the end of the month. It marked the first time in history that anyone has uttered the Latin phrase for "Peace Out, Bitches."
Hayley Mills, Kourtney Kardashian, Melissa Joan Hart and I were all born on today's date. Coincidence? Or the new cast of Bad Girl's Club?
Just gave my daughter "the talk," where I explain that one day, Joe Biden might place his hands on her shoulders.
Gangs are now facing off online. You can hear more about it in Dr. Dre’s new album, "Straight Outta Etsy."
It’s being reported that in the next iOS update, Siri will pronounce Barbra Streisand’s name correctly. The news comes as a huge relief to gay men over 60.
I should have predicted this would happen - my kids saw "Kong: Skull Island" and now they want their own pet Hiddleston.
Tonight, Notre Dame plays Alabama in the BCS Championship game.  I was home for the holidays so I've had quite enough of the Fighting Irish. 
According to a poll, over 50% of viewers thought that Mitt Romney won this week's presidential debate. Romney credits the win to his preparation, his grasp of the issues, and the good people at Mattel who built him.
Donald Trump said his vice presidential pick might be one of his presidential rivals. When asked which one, Trump said, "I haven’t decided yet, if it’s the liar, the loser, or the fat pig."
According to Wikileaks, the airing of American TV in the Middle East is helping to stop Islamic extremism.  Apparently, would-be terrorists watch our reality shows and realize that they've already won.
I’m having martial problems. That’s not a typo, I have trouble conducting myself properly during wartime.
According to a recent survey, 14% of people said they think that sex lasts too long. Those people are called, "inmates."
Donald Trump’s pick for Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, was once the president of the Boy Scouts of America. Or as Donald Trump calls that, "government experience."
Today, the Russian hockey team lost and was knocked out of the Olympics.  People in Russia haven’t been this depressed since last week.
Just found out the original name of the Notre Dame "Fighting Irish" was the "Brawling Depressives".
Today, a poll found that President Obama won last night's debate, among a voting bloc known as "Wal-Mart Moms." And Mitt Romney won the debate-according to the "Wouldn't Be Caught Dead at a Wal-mart Moms."
In South Carolina, a couple was arrested for having sex at a Home Depot.  On the bright side, she did find the tool she was looking for.
I can’t wait to see the pictures that Jupiter doesn’t want released.
The son of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner has been arrested on a charge of domestic violence.  When he heard this, Hugh Hefner said, "Son, there's a right way and a wrong way to disrespect women."
In California, a new hydroponic marijuana store has opened that is being called "the Wal-Mart of Weed." It's just like a regular Wal-Mart – except instead of saying "Welcome to Wal-Mart" the greeter says, "Dude, have you seen Greg?"
According to new research, heavier men last longer in bed.  But that includes time spent looking for their penis.
I prefer farm-to-sink, because that’s where I’m standing when I eat most of my meals.
Just read that Jaden and Willow Smith interview to my dog, and he looks less confused than I am.
The world’s oldest woman, who turned 117 today, says her longevity is due to staying single and eating raw eggs. Then she said the secret to staying single is eating raw eggs.
According to Forbes magazine, the #3 highest paid actor in the world is Vin Diesel. That works out to $10 million per "I am Groot."
Professional children’s clowns are upset that the Stephen King movie "IT" makes them look like murderers. And professional murderers are upset that it makes them look like children’s clowns.
In Montana, a reformed white supremacist is opening his KKK group to all races. Minorities everywhere said, "That’s all we ever wanted, thank you."
This morning, President Obama signed the official repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" into law. He would have signed it last night but supporters of the bill didn't want to miss last night's episode of Glee.
DC Comics is reporting that one of their main characters will come out soon as gay. Not only that, but the Justice League will be comprised of a cop, a construction worker, and an Indian chief.
Yesterday, a woman in Pennsylvania was sentenced to prison for having sex too loudly. I thought that was kind of unfair, until I heard the complaints came in from Delaware.
Documents seized from Osama bin Laden’s compound suggest he was concerned about climate change. In other words, a guy who wanted to return the world to the 10th century was still more progressive than Fox News.
President Trump made a speech denouncing neo-Nazis and the KKK, but people were upset because he waited 48 hours to do it. When asked what took so long, Trump said, "I watch Fox News, so I didn’t know anything happened."
The Associated Press reports that China is greatly expanding its state television station.  This is really good news for China's #1 reality show, "Toddlers Making Tiaras."
The CEO of Starbucks has pledged to hire 10,000 refugees. So if you think they’re writing your name incorrectly on the cups NOW...
The Pentagon announced that openly gay soldiers will begin serving this summer.  When people asked, "Why this summer?" the Army said, "Because ‘Glee' will be in reruns."
Three million people attended the Pope’s mass in Brazil. You could tell it was a big crowd because at Communion time, they had to bring out the “Body of Christ Cannon.”
I like my coffee the way I like my jokes about the way I like my coffee. I don’t drink coffee.
Burger King has begun bottling its own merlot and they call it "Whopper Wine." Not to be outdone, 7-11 has begun selling a product that’s fermented for 6 months - they call it a "Hot Dog."
In an effort to ease some of the Ebola fears, the mayor of New York rode the subway last week. If you have any information on the mayor’s whereabouts, please call 911.
President Obama has changed his mind and he decided to support the morning-after pill being available over the counter. Apparently, President Obama finally saw an episode of "Teen Mom."
A new study claims that men with smaller testicles are more nurturing fathers.  The study was published in "Who Thinks Up This Shit?" Magazine.
Dreamt that I bought some new boots and a sturdy umbrella for the Morton Salt girl.
President Trump gave his State of the Union address and as per tradition, someone who opposes the President gave the rebuttal. So this year’s rebuttal was given by Melania.
It’s being reported that the Royal Baby is set to inherit $1 billion dollars. In fact, he’s so rich, he’s already dating a girl half his age.
Critics are calling Sarah Palin’s endorsement speech of Donald Trump "bizarre," "meandering," and "mystifying." In other words, she’s still got it.
There is a new app that will tell you before you buy a house if there was ever a meth lab in it. All the app does is ask, "Is the house in Florida?"
McDonald's has announced its Happy Meals will include an apple slice and half the amount of French Fries. In a related story, the Happy Meal will now just be called, "The Meal."
Security experts are now saying the most common password last year was 123456. Which is why an hour ago, I changed all my passwords to 123456…7!
President Obama got elbowed during a basketball game and had to receive 12 stitches. Obama says it was almost as embarrassing as the time he was dunked on by Barney Frank.
Holley Mangold, a 350-pound Olympic weight lifter, says she's afraid of plastic chairs. When asked for comment, plastic chairs said, "Not as afraid as we are."
A man in Cleveland proposed to his fiancée with the help of an elaborate Christmas-themed musical performance. The woman said, "No thanks, you’re clearly gay."
During last night's Super Bowl, Christina Aguilera sang the wrong words during "The Star-Spangled Banner." Even worse, the Black Eyed Peas sang their songs exactly right.
When I die, I want to be cremated and my ashes formed into the shape of a tiny skeleton.
In an interview, the Dalai Lama said he should not have a successor. When asked what should happen after he dies, the Dalai Lama said, "What do I care? I’ll be a f***ing grasshopper."
A fashion designer is now saying that the next big thing is pantyhose for men, called "mantyhose." Of course, this is the same guy who, a couple of years ago, tried to sell me a Kotex "Mampon."  I liked it.
New York City is officially making its public bathrooms gender-neutral. So next time you try to use a public bathroom in New York, there could be either a man or a woman living in it.
Because of a protest, starting at midnight, Wikipedia will shut down for 24 hours. In fact, it's 11:05 right now, so you have less than one hour to get most of your facts wrong.
So like I said Arnold Schwarzenegger secretly had this child 10 years ago—He told his wife Maria about it at the time but it took her this long to figure out what the hell he was saying.
"Dancing with the Stars" contestant Chaz Bono is getting in shape for the competition by losing a pound a day.  Chaz is still trying to drop the weight he put on last year when he gained a penis.
Kim Kardashian recently said if she wasn't doing what she was doing, she would want to be a Crime Scene Investigator. Kardashian said, "I'm qualified because I've spent most of my life collecting DNA samples."
During the 2012 campaign, Bill Clinton frequently told people that President Obama was "luckier than a dog with two dicks." I don’t know about you, but I can’t wait for this guy to be First Lady.
It’s been reported that Donald Trump, despite his anti-immigration stance, hired over 500 foreign workers at his Florida resort. In fairness, the resort is called "Hypocrisy Cove."
Jon Huntsman said that he's not worried about his campaign, because Americans are starting to "take a second look" at him. The reason they're taking a second look is because they don't know what he's still doing here.
The founder of IKEA has stepped down.  He said he plans on spending some time putting his life back together.
President Obama said the small drone that flew over the White House fence yesterday could be bought at any Radio Shack. After hearing this, Radio Shack’s CEO said, "I’m shocked to find out we still sell something people want."
Today, at Speaker of the House John Boehner's office, a group of nude female protesters stormed in. Boehner said he's not sure what they're protesting, but he'll definitely keep doing it.
A grandmother just bought the largest breast implants in Great Britain. So let me be the first to say, lookin’ good, Queen Elizabeth!
Today, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell released a Harlem Shake video. Once again, just when you think a trend is dead, it's made cool again by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell.
Zooey Deschanel just announced that she is pregnant with her first child. She doesn’t know the baby’s gender, but she does know it has bangs.
A Wisconsin man suffers from a condition that causes him to have up to 100 orgasms a day. When asked what his doctor says, the man said, "Doctor? Why would I go to the doctor?"
Over the weekend, President Trump was in Mississippi speaking at the Civil Rights Museum, and he called civil rights "big, big stuff." To be fair, Trump was just paraphrasing Dr. King’s famous speech, "I Have A Thing."
After 14 years, the CEO of J.Crew is stepping down. He said he wants to take a Gap year.
10% of Americans confess to texting while having sex. Most of them say they only do it to let their spouse know they’ll be working late tonight.
In Ohio yesterday, a man who heckled President Obama was carried away by four police officers.  Not because he was a danger, but because anytime you carry a person from Ohio, you need four people.
Now that the election is narrowing to a 2-person race, Donald Trump said he will have to get used to Hillary Clinton’s shouting. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, "You never really get used to it."
During the debate, ultra Conservative Rick Santorum said, "I'm the son of an Italian immigrant." Immediately after making the comment, Santorum had his Dad deported.
Time’s "Person of the Year" has been announced, and it’s health workers who treat Ebola. Time Magazine told the health workers, "No need to pick up your award, we’ll mail it you."
An American judo fighter was expelled from the Olympics after testing positive for marijuana. Officials became suspicious when he kept stopping the match and saying, "What are we fighting for, man?"
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un lashed out at President Trump calling him, "mentally deranged" and "a frightened dog." As a result, Kim Jong-un is now the Democrats' top pick for president in 2020.
This week marks the 10th anniversary of the FDA's approval of Botox.  To celebrate, people here in Hollywood tried to make an expression.
The new food craze in Thailand is "penis-shaped waffles." The waffles come in three sizes: "small," "medium," and "Liam Neeson."
There are rumors that the Russian government has placed cameras in the hotel bathrooms in Sochi.  When asked about it, Russia said, "Don’t worry, our cameras don’t work either."
A restaurant in China forces customers to solve complex math problems before they can order their meal. The restaurant has no plans to expand to the United States.
An animal rights group is trying to buy Michael Vick's former home to turn it into an animal rehab center. Because that's just what abused animals want to hear: "it's going to be okay— you're going to Michael Vick's house!"
In July, some McDonald's workers will debut their new uniforms, inspired by the TV show "Mad Men."  Also inspired by the 1960s— their wages.
I don’t care what anyone says, I’m still sleeping in my Tom Brady pajamas.
Borat star Sasha Baron Cohen has been banned from the Oscars.  The producers are worried that if Sasha Baron Cohen shows up, something interesting might happen.
You can really sense the unease in America. No wait I’m just on a moving walkway in an airport.
The first day of air strikes against Libya cost more than 100 million dollars. Or to put it in Moammar Gadhafi terms, five private Beyonce concerts.
Oscar winner Helen Mirren confirmed that she will be appearing in the 8th "Fast and Furious" film. She’ll be playing a respected actress who needs the money.
There's an app for brides that tells the bride when you haven’t purchased a gift yet on their bridal registry. You can download the app from "Bed, Bitch, and Beyond."
If you're learning Spanish, be careful not to confuse abogado and avocado. I accidentally ate the wrong one.
Because of the severity of the drought in California, all water-wasting activity is going to be banned by August 1st. That’s right, the drought is so bad we’re taking extreme measures in two weeks.
Heineken has changed one of its ads – and critics say it's because the ad objectified women. When they heard about it, executives at Budweiser said, "Great – can we use it?" 
Starbucks has just started offering a seasonal "Fruitcake Frappuccino." Starbucks said they’re trying to reach a new target market called "No one."
Pope Francis said that atheists are still eligible to go into heaven. And, to return the favor, atheists said that Popes are still eligible to go into a void of nothingness.
A high school girl brought a cardboard cut-out of Bernie Sanders as her prom date. Meanwhile, another girl brought a cardboard cut-out of John Kasich that turned out to be John Kasich.
McDonald’s is introducing a Big Mac clothing line. Of course there already is a clothing line for Big Mac lovers - it’s called a hospital gown.
Today, President Trump was at the Vatican meeting with Pope Francis. The world leader who believes himself the embodiment of God on Earth said he’s a big fan of the Pope.
It's come out that Kim Kardashian has paid off Kanye West's $53 million debt with proceeds from her video game. In case you’re unfamiliar, Kim’s video game is named "Call of Booty."
Today is "Back to the Future" Day. It’s the day Marty McFly traveled forward in time only to find out the most important thing to people in 2015 is movies from the '80s.
In a new videotaped message, Texas Governor Rick Perry urges his supporters to follow him on "Tweeter."  After hearing about it, John McCain laughed and said, "What an idiot, it's THE Tweeter."
The Nobel Prize in Science has gone to scientists who created an ultra-thin carbon. Actually it's normal thickness, but wearing stripes.
Yesterday, President Obama and Cuban President Raúl Castro watched a baseball game between the Tampa Bay Rays and the Cuban National baseball team. The Rays won, so the Cuban team was sent to prison.
My body is a temple in that people lower their heads and cross themselves when they see it.
A new study shows that most young people think that the Christian church is "unfriendly." The study also found that young people think the Catholic Church is "a little bit too friendly."
One of the most surprising fan theories about the new "Star Wars" film is that Luke Skywalker will be evil. An even more shocking theory is that C-3PO will be straight.
One of the top Halloween costumes for kids is "Gangnam Style" singer Psy. In other words, parents are telling their kids, "Just wear what you wore two years ago."
During President Obama’s speech last night, he referred to Donald Trump as a "home-grown demagogue." In response, Trump supporters said "Hey - two syllable words only!"
The latest rumor in Hollywood is that Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony broke up over another woman.  Apparently, the other woman was Steven Tyler.
The author of "50 Shades of Grey" has finished her next book. But she won’t release it unless you say the safe word.
One of the new gadgets at the Consumer Electronics Show is a belt that tells the person wearing it when it's time to lose weight. Another device at the CES is a pair of jeans that tells you, "Hey Chunks, try a salad."
A former Victoria’s Secret model has come out with a clothing line where the clothes have Bible verses written on them. I don’t know about you guys— I don’t want to see a woman wearing panties that read, “Valley of the Shadow of Death.”
In a new interview, Donald Trump’s wife Melania, who is an immigrant from Slovenia, says she lets Trump be himself. Melania said, "and in return, he lets me be in America."
Scientists say they have found more evidence that human beings had sex with Neanderthals. Apparently, the evidence is any episode of "The Real Housewives of New Jersey."
A new study claims the time lost by waiting for the cable guy costs Americans 37 billion dollars a year.  Let me just say on behalf of everyone here at TBS, it's worth it.
Sources say that Tiger Woods wants to re-marry his ex-wife and may be willing to agree to a no-cheating clause.  This special clause would be known as a "wedding vow."
Don’t mean to brag, but today Fitbit said I took 10,000 steps to avoid hearing about other people’s dreams.
According to a new study, marijuana users are twice as likely to suffer from a heart condition known as stress cardiomyopathy. But they’re three times as likely not to care.
I just did a cameo in the porn movie “Flesh Police” as Jimmy, the castrated desk clerk.
A recent study shows that despite 60 years of trying, scientists have not been able to locate a woman's G-spot. Still, you've got to give them credit for not giving up after 5 minutes.
Yesterday, the CEO of Starbucks announced his intention to expand the coffee shop into a grocery business. I don't know about you, but I cannot wait to buy a four dollar tomato.
Yesterday on "The Voice," Adam Levine cursed out his fellow judges for mocking his new hair style. In a related story, NBC has officially changed the name of "The Voice" to "The 7th Grade Girls' Bathroom."
The other day a man held up a bank and demanded that the teller hand over all of her 20-, 40- and 60-dolllar bills.  Luckily he left after the teller told him, "Sir, all I have are 80s."
Tomorrow, the big event in the Olympics is the US playing Canada in men’s hockey. This is the most that Americans have wanted to see Canadians beaten since they sent us Justin Bieber.
30% of all web traffic is porn. That number climbs up to 70% if you count those of us who masturbate to LOL Cats.
In Georgia, a jewelry store owner is offering a free gun with your purchase.  And of course once you have the gun – free jewelry!
In France, a court ruled that a couple cannot name their baby Nutella because the court said, "a name like that can only lead to teasing." So the couple has moved on to their second choice, Conan.
Hispanic Senator Ted Cruz, who is fighting the immigration bill, described himself as “Obamaphobic.” You know you have Obamaphobia if you’ll deport immigrants even though your last name is Cruz.
NASA has announced plans for a much cheaper version of the Mars Rover. In fact to cut costs, on the next Mars mission, the Rover will have a layover in Atlanta.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoed a tax break for the reality show "Jersey Shore." The veto made Snooki so angry, she turned orange-red.
According to a new report, over half of Americans sent their Valentine's Day cards online. That's also the same percentage who'll be getting their Valentine's Day sex online.
North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un has been re-elected with 100% of the vote. He said, "I haven't been this happy since I scored 700,000 on the SATs."
Last night on the Oscars red carpet, Sylvester Stallone said being nominated for an Oscar "makes all the aches and pains go away." Then Stallone said, "Wait, no, that's Vicodin."
Newt Gingrich's campaign is now charging people fifty dollars to pose for a picture with Newt. And for 100 dollars, you can get one without Newt.
On Twitter, porn actress Jenna Jameson bashed Meryl Streep for her Golden Globe speech. Wow, it’s going to be awkward the next time Jameson and Streep do a movie together.
The Grateful Dead are putting out an 80-disc live box set. No word yet on which Grateful Dead song it will be.
Kirstie Alley is joining the cast of "Dancing With the Stars." Protesting that decision is the floor from "Dancing With the Stars."
Today in Manhattan, a woman gave birth to a healthy baby boy while riding the subway.  Which, by the way, made him the sixth guy on that subway today to show his penis. 
Today, the 89-year-old Queen of England met her new great-granddaughter for the first time. Both cried a little, burped, and then fell asleep.
First Lady Michelle Obama and former First Lady Laura Bush came together today to promote education. Mrs. Obama called for educating girls in the developing world, while Mrs. Bush said she’d settle for "educating my husband."
This week “60 Minutes” aired an investigation on how to live past 90. The study was conducted by investigating people who’ve hosted “60 Minutes.”
According to a new study, 23-year-old women wear the shortest skirts. The study was conducted by a scientist who's had it with trying to cure cancer.
Really looking forward to the new Disneyland they’re building on that island of plastic bottles in the Pacific.
Over Twitter, billionaire Richard Branson revealed the damage done by the hurricane to his private island. I know what you’re thinking, "How could God allow such a thing?"
This weekend in California, a man used a fake gun to rob a real gun store. Nobody was hurt, but everyone was embarrassed.
Today at the Republican National Convention, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie gave the keynote address. Christie intentionally made the speech terrible so that people would throw food at him.
On Friday, Will Smith’s son Jaden tweeted that kids should drop out of school. He then tweeted, "Before you drop out, make sure that you're Will Smith's son."
Sometimes I get my kids to stop misbehaving by telling them the Rick Perry under their beds will execute them.
Today, Scotland and England laughed off reports they were breaking up and insist they’ve never been happier.
Televangelist Pat Robertson said he wishes Facebook had a “vomit button” he could push whenever someone posts a photo of a gay couple kissing.  Of course, the other option would be for Pat Robertson to stop searching online for gay men kissing.
Hot wings, bean dip, 20 dudes in my living room - plans are all set for Valentine’s Day!
Last night, a drunk neighbor was arrested for trying to sneak into Tom Cruise's house. Apparently, the neighbor got stuck when he tried to crawl through the "Tom Cruise Door."
Last night on "Dancing With The Stars," Kirstie Alley aggressively kissed her dance partner. Then she said, "Sorry – I thought you were a wall of ham."
At last night’s town hall, Bernie Sanders said, "I’ve had good endurance my whole life." Then there was an awkward rebuttal by Mrs. Bernie Sanders.
Two Connecticut residents stole over $1,000-worth of candles from the Yankee Candle Village. The suspects are being described as white.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il died yesterday.  They have not named his successor yet, but the rumor is that it's going to be Ryan Seacrest
Congressman Weiner announced that he is seeking help from a professional.  After hearing this, Eliot Spitzer said, "That's odd, I got in trouble for seeking help from a professional."
A 17 year old boy sold an app to Yahoo for $30 million. The boy says he'll use the money to fund his new website, "Who's A Nerd Now, Jenny?.com."
A group of unpaid interns are suing a film company for not teaching them anything.  The film company says they did teach them something—that show business is about screwing people over.
Dennis Rodman claims the FBI wants to hire him as an informant.  Which makes sense because the first thing you want to do as an FBI informant is tell everyone you're an FBI informant.
I hope you don’t mind that I made you say "jambalaya" to yourself.
A new poll shows that Donald Trump is now leading in Nevada. Which actually makes sense, since 50% of Nevada voters are also failed casino owners.
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un has apparently ballooned to 300 lbs. Which is why seconds ago, I just got word he won the Wisconsin primary.
The FDA egg recall has hit a total of 380 million eggs. I can’t wait till they find the tired, evil hen that did this.
A new study has found that women are still severely underrepresented in film. Which is surprising, because men’s favorite movies usually have one guy with two girls.
Today while Justin Bieber was signing autographs, a 40-something year old man jumped the barricade and knocked him down.  No word yet on which member of Backstreet Boys it was.
Oprah Winfrey said she conducted an "intense" 2 and a half hour interview with Lance Armstrong.  Oprah Winfrey said she never would have had the stamina if Lance hadn't given her a little something to keep going.
The video of Justin Bieber’s time in jail will be released with his private parts blurred.  It won’t be the first time that Bieber’s manhood has been unclear.
White House Strategist Steve Bannon is under criminal investigation for voter fraud. Reportedly he voted last year in Florida, while still technically a resident of 1930s Germany.
A group of astronomers is actively looking for alien signals coming from a distant star in the Northern Hemisphere. The signals appear to say, "Donald Trump? Really?"
Authorities have shut down rentboy.com, the world’s largest male escort service. I’m kind of sad about it, because that’s where I found Andy.
Yesterday, 54-year-old Tom Cruise revealed he will be making a sequel to "Top Gun." In the new version, the song “Danger Zone” is about Tom Cruise’s triglyceride levels.
Darryl McDaniels, of the legendary rap group Run-D.M.C., called today’s hip-hop culture “disrespectful and immature.” Darryl said, “In my day, we held the door open for a bitch.”
Plans are underway to build an erotic theme park in Brazil called "Erotikaland." In fact, Brazilian workers are already busy waxing the rainforest.
This week, President Obama is going to be engaged in high level talks with the President of China. The President’s message to China is going to be, “I Swear We’ll Have The Money For You by Tuesday!”
Today President Obama came out in favor of same sex-marriage. He said he hoped his support would make it easier for gay people to get married and for John Travolta to get a massage.  
Two Oklahoma women were arrested for shoplifting over $2,000 worth of merchandise by hiding it in their body fat.  Police recovered the goods by telling the women, "We can do this the easy way, or the disgusting way."
Can someone give me the contact info for El Chapo’s contractor? Thx.
Whole Foods will stop selling Chobani greek yogurt due to concerns about genetic modifications. To read more about it, check out this week's issue of "White People Magazine."
A new presidential poll reveals Democrats have the edge among voters under 30. The good news for Republicans is that there’s only six people under 30 who actually vote.
You think Ben Carson’s comments are nutty, my doctor thinks the pyramids are fallen Tetris pieces.
At the New England Patriots game, Coach Bill Belichick was so mad about a call by the replacement referees, he grabbed a ref's arm. Fortunately, Belichick was quickly stopped by the referee's seeing-eye dog.
In a new interview, Newt Gingrich says he cheated on two of his wives because he was too consumed with love for his country.  Apparently, he misunderstood the phrase, "Please rise for the pledge of Allegiance."
As of tomorrow, Rick Santorum will be assigned Secret Service agents.  This is historic—It's the first time Santorum has agreed to use any kind of protection.
Yesterday, thousands of people marched through the streets of New York City for the Gay Pride Parade. Or as New Yorkers call it, "The Outdoor Tony Awards."
Tried to pardon my turkey and he sued me for wrongful imprisonment and defamation.
Planned Parenthood has released a smartphone app that lets you order an STD test. Unfortunately, if you test positive on the app, the smartphone refuses to let you touch it anymore.
It's rumored that in a recent Univision interview, Mitt Romney wore dark makeup to appeal to Latino voters. I don't know about you, but I can't wait to see Romney's appearance on BET.
Hey, say what you will about Donald Trump. Seriously, go ahead.
Disney has announced that they'll be opening a theme park in Israel. To fit in with Israeli sensibilities, its nickname will be changed from "The Happiest Place on Earth" to "It Could Be Worse."
UFC Champion Ronda Rousey will be the next model for Carl’s Jr. Carl’s Jr. chose Rousey because she also knows what it’s like to damage someone’s organs in less than 30 seconds.
NASA is planning to shut down its Mars Rover after an entire year of the probe not responding to calls from Earth.  In the Rover's defense, the majority of those were booty calls.
Former President Jimmy Carter has accused the NSA of spying on his email. And Bill Clinton believes the government hacked into his OkCupid account.
For the ninth year in a row, Florida made it through hurricane season without being hit by a single hurricane. So it’s official, even hurricanes don’t want to go to Florida.
A woman in England with two vaginas has turned down a $1 million offer to star in a pornographic movie. However, she has agreed to be the new spokesman for Double Mint Gum.
A United Airlines pilot made a speech over the intercom warning his passengers not to make political rants. He said, “Please continue, as always, to focus all your rage on United Airlines."
In Virginia, someone broke into a man’s apartment, cleaned it, and took nothing. Police are describing the suspect as "his mother."
Former boxing champion George Foreman has challenged former action star Steven Seagal to fight him in the ring. And the winner will be our next president.
A new study just came out and it says dogs have trouble remembering specific events from their past. Which makes sense, because you might want to forget that you spent most of your life licking your balls.
After being stripped of his of his Tour de France wins, today, Lance Armstrong was told he has to give back his Olympic bronze medal. Even worse, tomorrow they're going to take away his Latin Grammy.
Analysts say that for President Obama’s last two years in office, he’s assembled a to-do list. Of course Bill Clinton also had a to-do list - it was called "The Victoria’s Secret Catalog."
It's been announced that Oprah Winfrey is going to receive an honorary Oscar.  The award is in the category of "Oprah Winfrey Called and Decided She Wants an Oscar."
Vice President Mike Pence has gotten a dog. Pence has already taught it to sit, fetch, and "sniff out gay."
In Belarus, a parrot is in the running to win a local council seat. The parrot wants better schools, improved roads, and a cracker.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has announced an ambitious new personal plan to read something new every two weeks. First up on Zuckerberg’s reading list: All your private Facebook messages.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates announced that he's working to reinvent the toilet.  Meanwhile, Steve Jobs is coming out with something called the iCrap.
The gay rights group, GLAAD, has released its annual report on TV, and the History Channel got a very poor grade from GLAAD. Which is why today the History Channel announced its new show, "Gay Hitler." It’s a good show, give it a shot.
Yesterday, a brawl broke out at a Florida airport after Spirit Airlines cancelled several flights. To restore control, airport police were forced to fire Cinnabons into the crowd.
Uber has announced a new service where you carpool with strangers. It’s a cutting edge new technology called, "taking the bus."
This morning, Mitt Romney said that Hillary Clinton is "clueless." When he heard, Bill Clinton said, "I wish."
Last night's American Idol featured their youngest contestants ever. Some were so young, Steven Tyler hesitated before hitting on them.
The world's heaviest woman is trying to lose weight by having more sex.  In fact, she just hooked up with the world's drunkest man.
Charlie Sheen said he made so much money for CBS that when he showed up for work, they should have given him "Sandwiches, massages, and hand jobs." Which, coincidentally, is the name of my new mall store.
This weekend, "The Hunger Games" had the third biggest opening in movie history. Show business experts predict this will be the biggest opening until Snooki goes into labor.
Experts are predicting that the success of Amazon is going to lead to the closure of many Radio Shacks.  When reached for comment, The CEO of Radio Shack said, "Wait, there are still Radio Shacks?"
This Sunday, TLC is airing a show about women whose husbands are attracted to men called, "My Husband’s Not Gay." And next week, the men will appear on a show on Bravo called, "I Guess He Was After All."
The Kardashian sisters are publishing a novel based on their lives. The book is called "Sisterhood of the Extra Wide Pants."
President Obama has invited the 1985 Chicago Bears to the White House.  He's asked them to bring a 1985 game ball, their 1985 uniforms, and the 1985 economy.
The official 2014 World Cup anthem is "We Will Find a Way." It narrowly beat out the other potential anthem, "I Feel Someone’s Teeth in My Shoulder."
Chris Brown was photographed in Amsterdam with three joints in his mouth. Brown was so high, he almost hit a man.
The budget airline Spirit Airlines is now serving canned wine. A spokesman for Spirit said, “Hey, if it’s good enough for our pilots, it’s good for our passengers.”
Iran announced that it will not return the American spy drone that it recently captured.  They are also refusing to return the Limp Bizkit album they borrowed from us ten years ago.
In Colorado, some people are giving their pets medical marijuana to deal with pain. Which is great, because cats really need another reason to sit on the couch all day.
Motorola plans to release a collar that allows dogs to tell their owners what they’re doing all day. Basically, the owner gets a series of text messages that either say, "Eating Food" or "Licking My Balls."
Yesterday the College of Cardinals announced the new Pope with the Latin phrase, "Habemus Papam." A phrase which was immediately autocorrected around the world to, "Happiness Popeye."
President Obama said today that he would be okay with being a one-term president. And with that, Obama carefully aimed an iPhone down his pants and pressed "Send."
Customers are complaining that Amazon's new Kindle Fire is too hard to use if you have fat fingers. In response, Amazon released a new version for large people called the Kindle Deepdish.
Gay marriage became legal in Oregon. Even more amazing, in Portland, it's mandatory.
Sources say Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka will take on many of the duties normally associated with the First Lady. This was at the recommendation of Trump’s new Surgeon General, Dr. Freud.
Senator John McCain is now saying he regrets not opposing the Confederate flag when he ran for president. McCain said, "I didn’t oppose the Confederate flag because a lot of my school chums fought for the South during the Civil War."
In a speech at the United Nations today, President Obama said, "A nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself." Then he passed the joint he was smoking to Angela Merkel.
Confession: At Starbucks this morning, I stole a latte that belonged to some guy named "Conin."
The company that makes the game "FarmVille" announced its laying off 160 employees. Or to put it another way, 160 people are about to spend a lot more time on FarmVille.
According to a recent survey, the most stolen vehicle in the U.S. is the Ford F-250. And for the 10th year in a row, the least stolen vehicle is the Plymouth Anything.
There's a new website that allows you to support Prince Harry by posting a naked photo of yourself. The website is called "Extremely Gullible Girls Gone Wild."
Lego is now the world’s largest toy company. Well at least it was, until its stupid sister walked into the room and knocked it down.
Yesterday, Jeb Bush was asked if he would go back in time and kill baby Hitler, and Bush said, "Hell yeah, I would." Bush was asked this in a college dorm room while getting stoned at 3:00 AM.
In Australia, a drone took a photo of a grandmother sunbathing topless. The grandmother is embarrassed, and the drone is in critical condition. 
Dartmouth College has named their medical school after Dr. Seuss. Because nothing is better than hearing your doctor say, "You don't have cancer on your nose, you don't have cancer on your toes."
The Juno satellite probe which hasn’t been heard from in five years and has been traveling through deep space finally reached Jupiter yesterday and reestablished contact with Earth. The Jupiter satellite’s first message was, "The Republican Nominee is WHO?"
A recent contestant on "The Voice" has been arrested for a DUI. He’ll go on trial as soon as they can find a judge with a rotating chair.
Bill Clinton has turned down an invitation to appear on "30 Rock." Apparently, he's still mulling over an offer to replace Charlie Sheen on "Two and a Half Men."
This weekend, KFC became the first American fast food restaurant to open in Palestine.  They tried to open a Taco Bell, but then decided, they've had enough explosions over there.
A new report shows that men have smaller penises if their mother ate chicken during her pregnancy. You can read the entire report in the apology section of this month’s O’Brien family newsletter.
This year, Americans will spend $8 billion on Halloween costumes.  It's not a good sign when the only bright spots in our economy are candy and dressing like a slut.
Authorities have seized a package of cocaine addressed to the Vatican. When asked about it, the Pope said, "Hey – you can’t give up EVERYTHING for Lent."
A new sperm bank offers the sperm of athletes and rock stars. Finally, athletes and rock stars will be able to have illegitimate children.
This year's highest paid female and male reality TV stars are Kim Kardashian, who made $6 million dollars, and the "Jersey Shore's" The Situation, who made $3 million dollars. Let this be a lesson kids: stay out of school.
Pope Francis has suspended a bishop for spending too much on home renovations. Apparently, the Pope caught the bishop filming an episode of "Flip this Church."
Analysts say that Apple’s actual manufacturing cost for the iPhone is $199. That’s just parts – when you add in the labor, it’s $200.
Congressman Weiner's wife returned today from a diplomatic trip to Ethiopia. She said she was tired of people in Ethiopia telling her, "I feel so sorry for you!"
Ted Cruz said that a "white knight" is not going to parachute into the Republican convention and walk away with the nomination. To which the GOP responded "You had us at 'white.'"
Cable’s ability to attract top-tier talk show hosts continues. Welcome aboard, disgraced New York Governor Eliot Spitzer!
Economists project that the new Republican tax bill will lead to a $1 trillion deficit. It’s the first thing to lose $1 trillion since "The Emoji Movie."
The rebuttal to President Obama's speech will be given by Senator Marco Rubio.  Or as he's known in the Republican party, "Our black guy."
In New York, a Southwest Airlines pilot was arrested for having a loaded gun hidden in his carry-on bag. The pilot was fired from Southwest and immediately hired by United.
Over the weekend, the man who designed the Facebook "like" button got married.  Then he spent his wedding night looking for his wife's "like" button.
Yesterday, at one of the Pope’s appearances, a 5-year-old Mexican-American girl broke through security. Luckily, she was tackled by 16 Republican presidential candidates.
Watched the Bronco game last night. Nice to finally see NFL guys wearing orange that aren’t jumpsuits.
It was revealed today that the White House fence jumper got deeper inside the building than previously reported. In fact, for 20 minutes, he was acting Secretary of Commerce.
Congressman David Wu has resigned after being accused of what are being called "unwanted sexual advances." Or as it was called in my high school, "The Conan."
When police raided Justin Bieber’s home last week, there were two large cookie jars filled with weed. You know, with all the marijuana laying around, you'd think his music would be better.
Analysts are saying that last night's events could be "the beginning of the end for Donald Trump." Oh wait, I'm sorry, this joke is from a monologue I did last year.
Syria agreed to a tentative plan to hand over all of its chemical weapons to Russia.  Vladimir Putin said, "And those weapons better not be gay."
Ann Coulter is coming out with a book praising Donald Trump. Just what Trump needed - the support of yet one more angry white man.
Mitt Romney gave a commencement speech where he advised graduates to start a family before they turn 30. He also advises them to pay for it by inheriting millions of dollars.
Today, Astronaut Peggy Whitson set a record for the longest time spent in space by an American astronaut, and got a congratulatory call from President Trump. Trump asked what motivated her to stay in space so long, Whitson answered, "You."
Republican Presidential Candidate Herman Cain is having to respond to claims that he once sexually harassed women.  Apparently, a German woman kept telling Cain, "Nine-Nine-Nine."
My imaginary friend grew up to become my imaginary strength and conditioning coach.
A man in India is claiming to be the oldest man on Earth at 141 years old.  Larry King said, “I always like that kid.”
Last night on "Dancing with the Stars", Kirstie Alley lost her shoe.  When asked for comment, the shoe said it was just trying to escape.
Members of the Tea Party in Tennessee want to remove all mention of slavery from school textbooks.  Instead, they would like textbooks to say that Abraham Lincoln "Freed the Interns."
My favorite thing about "Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" is that the title is not so much a description as a Mafia-style threat.
Al Gore has a new girlfriend who is very devoted to environmental issues.  Gore says his girlfriend's been fighting deforestation by creating new wood.
Kim Kardashian said Christmas is her family's favorite holiday. Kim says it's the only time of the year she and her sisters aren't insulted when they hear, "Ho, ho, ho."
Paul Ryan has become the first Speaker of the House in over 90 years to grow a beard. Meanwhile, Marco Rubio is the first presidential candidate to sport a chocolate milk moustache.
My wife told me a turducken was as close to a threesome as I'm ever going to get.
President Obama has invited Mitt Romney to lunch at the White House tomorrow. In a related story, Romney sent an email to all his donors with the heading, "See! I AM headed to the White House."
Last night at the Miami Heat-Indiana Pacers game, Justin Bieber was booed when his face appeared on the jumbotron. When Bieber noticed, he asked, “Why are they booing that poor girl?”
Political analysts say "there’s no getting around the fact" that Chris Christie is a bully. Then again, when you think about it, there’s no getting around Chris Christie, period.
In New York, a 100-year-old woman still works 11 hours a day, six days a week. The bad news is, she’s a stripper. She doesn’t dance to "Cherry Pie," she gives you the recipe for it.
There’s a new musical in the works about the life of Jesus, but set to the songs of Britney Spears. The grand finale is Jesus coming back to life to the tune of "Oops, I Did it Again."
Pope Benedict says he will stop wearing his red Prada shoes because he prefers a pair of loafers he tried on in Mexico. Then the Pope interrupted his discussion of Prada and shoe-shopping to once again condemn homosexuality.
Hello, I'm Conan O'Brien, or as I can now publicly call myself, Arnold Schwarzenegger Jr.
A new study claims that gossip may be good for you because it reduces frustration and anger.  At least that's what the cameraman who's banging the intern told me. 
Earlier tonight, Bernie Sanders spoke at the Democratic National Convention. Sanders' speech was interrupted by dozens of applause breaks and three pee breaks.
A woman served her husband with divorce papers on Facebook. Seconds later, her husband celebrated on Grindr.
Today, two different people showed up at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, each claiming to be in charge. And tonight, they settle it in the Octagon!
Hillary Clinton has finally agreed to turn over her entire e-mail server to the Justice Department. Clinton said she was reluctant to do so because of state secrets, and because 30% of her e-mails are nothing but the "smiling poop" emoji.
We’re celebrating 20 years of being on late night TV. Or as my kids call it, YouTube.
According to Apple, the new iPad isn't called the "iPad 3" or the "iPad HD"—in fact, it doesn't have a name yet. Right now, everyone's using its nickname, the "iCan't Believe I Just Paid the Full Price For the iPad2."
Turkey contains Tryptophan which makes people very Ben Carsony.
It leaked out that the London Olympics' opening ceremony will include a showdown between Voldemort and Mary Poppins. The winner then goes on to a battle to the death with Thomas the Tank Engine.
In England, the Royal Family has announced that they will pay for Prince William's wedding to Kate Middleton. When he heard this, Mr. Middleton said "You're goddamn right you will."
In his speech on Afghanistan, President Trump said, "Attack we will." Then Trump introduced his new military strategist: General Mad Dog Yoda.
A California man is suing Disneyland after he was trapped in the "It's a Small World" ride for 40 minutes.  After hearing about it, the Chilean miners said, "Damn. We got off easy."
Apple is reportedly testing a new smartwatch that is charged by the movement of your wrist. I never thought the answer to the energy crisis… would be me in high school.
President Obama has ordered an investigation into the Secret Service sex scandal. Before Obama had even finished issuing the order, Bill Clinton said "I am on it!"
In Mexico, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West went zip lining with the creator of "Girls Gone Wild." Unfortunately, no one was harmed.
Apple announced a new feature that will let your iPhone track your health and monitor your diet.  Or you can pay extra for an iPhone that minds its own friggin’ business. 
In Washington State, a single sperm donor is believed to have fathered up to 150 children.  When asked to comment, the man said, "Hey, what can I say, it was a really good issue of Maxim."
Now that the Olympics are over, I can get back to comparing my body to the athletes on World Series of Poker.
75 degrees and sunny outside. This is perfect Rollerblades Gather More Dust weather.
In a new interview, Donald Trump said that he uses Head and Shoulders on his hair.  As a result, Head and Shoulders is suing Donald Trump for slander.
In his victory speech last night, President Obama told his daughters that they would not be getting another dog. When asked why, The President said, "Because I just made Mitt Romney my bitch."
Rush Limbaugh claims he is now allowed to say the n-word.  After hearing this, Paula Deen said, “Let me know how that works out for you.”
Apparently for someone to become Pope, they have to receive 77 of the votes from the Cardinals. They also have to win Ohio and Florida.
Gadhafi may have been worth 200 billion dollars when he was killed. Even more tragic, he was just two days away from retirement.
Bill Clinton now says he wishes he'd supported gay marriage back when he was President. Clinton said, at the time, he was too busy campaigning for open marriage.
President George W. Bush is going to be a grandfather for the first time.  Bush said he doesn't care whether it's a boy or a girl, as long as he doesn't have to share his Legos with it.
Radio Shack announced plans to close 1,000 stores throughout the US. Radio Shack customers were very upset when they got the news on their pagers.
It’s come out that President Trump's Director of Communications, Hope Hicks, may have partially obstructed justice. Trump said he’s furious with Hicks because he hired her to fully obstruct justice.
Carolina Panthers' Cam Newton is under fire for ducking out of his post-game press conference early. On the bright side, it was the first time all day Cam was able to move and not get tackled.
The Minnesota Timberwolves are being accused of having too many white players & some say it's a ploy to appeal to a mostly white fan base.  The owner claims it's not a ploy to win fans it's a ploy to lose games. 
The inventor of the game Twister has passed away at age 82. He spent the last 6 months with one foot in the grave and one foot on the color red.
On Saturday, pro-Trump rallies around the country were attended by hundreds. Or as Trump put it, "trillions."
The American bison was just named the official mammal of the United States. To put this in perspective, the bison narrowly beat out the McRib.
President Trump is angry at the NFL players for their silent protest during the national anthem. Trump said, "Silent protests have no place anywhere outside my marriage."
President Obama’s chief speechwriter said the President started working on his State of the Union address around Thanksgiving.  In a related story, today Joe Biden finished giving a speech he started around Thanksgiving.
Pippa Middleton, the sister-in-law of Prince William, has a book coming out on how to plan a great party. Of course, if you really want a member of the royal family to show you how to party, I'd go with Prince Harry.
Some people are really mad about the Discovery Channel’s "Eaten Alive" special about a man getting swallowed by an anaconda, because the snake didn’t swallow him. This proves there are two things Americans won’t stand for - false advertising and portion control.
Critics are calling those in Britain who voted to pull out of the European Union "racist" and "anti-immigrant." After hearing this, Donald Trump said, "Wow, I’m running for leader of the wrong country."
The US Army has redesigned its camouflage uniforms. The announcement was made today by a floating head.
Today is Opening Day for the Dodgers and it's their first home game since Magic Johnson bought the team.  There was an awkward moment during Magic's pre-game pep talk when he told the players to get out there and beat the Celtics.
Last night, Donald Trump was elected president. The first thing I did this morning was call my old high school bully and congratulate him.
A lot of people are upset by the total lack of diversity by the Oscar nominations - Spike Lee and Jada Pinkett Smith announced they will be boycotting this year’s Oscars. After hearing about it, Vin Diesel said, "Hey, I boycott the Oscars every year."
There’s been a lot of speculation but now it’s becoming clear that Joe Biden will run for president in 2016.  In an effort to appear presidential, today, Biden launched a website that doesn’t work. 
It just hit me: if they are real, we are stepping in piles and piles of ghost dung.
In San Francisco a man famous for having one of the largest penises on record was frisked by TSA agents after they suspected he was hiding something in his pants.  So, folks, I guess now I should explain what I was doing in San Francisco.
The film "Winter's Bone" received 4 Oscar nominations. "Winter's Bone" was nominated for Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor, Best Actress, and Best Movie That Has the Same Name As Its Porn Version.
In Germany, a man invented a birth control device that allows men to turn off the flow of semen. The device is called "mom jeans."
After Twilight fans were called "Twi-hards," Hunger Games fans have now been dubbed "Hunger-lings." Meanwhile, "John Carter" fans are being referred to as, "That guy who saw ‘John Carter.'"
For his Secretary of Labor, President-elect Trump has picked an executive from the fast food restaurants Carl’s Jr and Hardee’s. Afterwards, Trump admitted he made the choice on an empty stomach.
A new study shows that Americans are waiting longer than ever at McDonald's drive-thrus. When reached for comment, McDonald’s drive-thru workers said something I couldn’t quite understand.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was recently seen wearing a t-shirt that said, "I Survived Maria."  I response, Maria Shriver was spotted wearing a t-shirt that said, "I survived ‘Twins', ‘End of Days' and ‘Jingle All the Way.'"
A top food manufacturer is reporting that some of their pasta meals contain horsemeat.  So I'd stay away from the Rigatoni My Little Pony.
Of all the things I thought might happen in 2015, a sex scandal involving Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz was pretty low on the list.
San Diego mayor Bob Filner, accused by multiple women of sexual harassment, has begun two weeks of therapy. His sessions got off to an awkward start when he asked his therapist if her couch was a pullout.
The International Olympic Committee has stripped India of its right to participate in the games.  In response, India said, "Fine— just try logging onto your computers now."
Mitt Romney's campaign announced that its official song is Kid Rock's "Born Free."  It narrowly beat out Mitt Romney's first choice "Mr. Roboto."
A company has developed a coffee that can help you fall asleep. It’s called the "Cosby-ccino."
Home Depot has started selling a spray that can make any object waterproof, called “Never Wet”. When reached for comment, Michael Douglas said, “We’ll see about that.”
Snooki's boyfriend reportedly proposed to her.  Apparently, he said, "Will you make me the happiest man on Earth, or do you still want to go through with this?"
In a new interview, Oprah Winfrey said she has had her heart broken twice but she wouldn't say by whom. She did, however, say where she had the bodies buried.
Mansplaining to this officer why I shouldn’t get a parking ticket. She’s copsplaining that I’m getting one anyway.
A receiver for the Oakland Raiders was arrested for possessing illegal amounts of Viagra. When asked why he needed Viagra so much, the man said he was tired of "always being the receiver."
The Olive Garden announced it is undergoing a makeover to try to increase business.  They're so desperate, they're even considering serving Italian food.
Last week, presidential hopeful Jeb Bush said he supports a path to citizenship for immigrants. He said, "I believe in an America where hard work and dedication can lead to any job that your brother and dad once had."
Everyone have a nice weekend?  Mine was a little frustrating—I spent all weekend on my Playstation playing NBA Lockout.
Yesterday, the US experienced a series of internet outages. Things got so bad we momentarily surpassed China in productivity.
Today is the Obamas’ wedding anniversary.  Unfortunately, the President forgot, so tonight he’ll be experiencing a different kind of "shutdown."
In his speech last night, President Obama said that "compromise" has become a dirty word. Then he told Republicans to go "compromise themselves."
Rapper Will.I.Am is supporting Hillary Clinton for President whereas rapper Killer Mike said he endorses Bernie Sanders. When told all of this, Sanders said, "What the hell are you talking about?"
The temperature in Los Angeles will reach 100 degrees this week. It’s so hot that here in California ice bucket challenge videos are now considered porn.
On Tuesday at the White House, President Obama sang with Justin Timberlake. It's being called "the Blackest thing President Obama has ever done."
Last night on "Dancing with the Stars," Cher started crying uncontrollably when her son Chaz came on stage.  Cher was overheard saying, "My little girl's all grown-up and has a penis."
New research shows that giraffes hum, but only at night. Even more surprising: They all hum that Chili’s "Babyback Ribs" song.
Last year for Halloween my daughter went as a witch. This year, she’s going as Christine O’Donnell.
Justin Bieber is being sued for allegedly beating up his ex-bodyguard. Which begs the question: who hires a bodyguard that Justin Bieber can beat up?
TBS is denying rumors they are giving Charlie Sheen his own show.  A spokesperson for TBS said, "One mentally unbalanced former network star is enough."
One of the latest fan theories out there now is that, in the new "Star Wars" film, Luke Skywalker will be evil. Even more shocking, Yoda will be a 9th grade grammar teacher.
The Heinz Corporation is merging with the Kraft Corporation to create one of the world’s largest food companies. By the way, the idea to bring together ketchup and mac & cheese was inspired by every meal I cooked in college.
Yesterday, Bernie Sanders said, "I sense some great victories coming." Sanders made the statement two hours after eating a large bowl of fiber.
Yesterday in Seattle, a man set his home on fire trying to kill a spider with a can of spray paint and a lighter. On the bright side, the spider is definitely dead. 
Today Oprah Winfrey, took 300 members of her audience on an 8 day journey across Australia.  Not to be outdone, I will drive 2 of you to Outback Steakhouse.
Today is Bring Your Kids to Work Day. Or as it's known at the iPad factory in China, "Bring Your Parents to Work Day."
Over the weekend, President Trump retweeted a GIF of himself knocking Hillary Clinton down with a golf ball. In response, Hillary retweeted a GIF where she beat Trump by three million votes.
The President of Guatemala says after he leaves office he will divorce his wife so he can help her run for president. When he heard this, Bill Clinton said, "Damn that is genius!"
The Disney Channel accidentally aired several minutes of hardcore porn during one of their children's cartoons. Either that or Phineas and Ferb really like each other.
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver are reportedly seeing a couples' counselor in an attempt to save their marriage.  When asked to comment, Arnold said "That's not what I meant by a ‘threesome.'"
In a speech, Russian President Vladimir Putin slammed the US for being "genderless and infertile." My question: How did Vladimir Putin get his hands on my Match.com profile?
While commenting on the State of the Union, Donald Trump said President Obama is "living in a fantasy land." Donald Trump then went to sleep in his solid gold bed with his supermodel wife.
A group of parents is suing Apple for deliberately designing apps to be addictive for children. Today, a lawyer for Apple entered a plea of "Duh."
Pope Francis announced that next year, he’s going to be visiting the United States. Here’s the cool part - he’s opening for Pitbull. 
Doctor says my testosterone levels are normal. So why did I just spend three hours on Pinterest looking at kilims?
The inventor of the web is saying that internet access should be recognized as a "human right." He also said it’s a right he exercises every night after his wife goes to bed.
The Jersey Shore's Pauly D reportedly made $11 million last year. So the lesson here is, kids, don't stay in school.
Yahoo announced they will start making users sign in with a Yahoo ID.  When asked for more details on how to sign in, the Yahoo spokesman said, "For god’s sakes just Google it."
A developer in New York wants to build an IHOP on top of a Revolutionary War cemetery. IHOP's CEO said, "It makes sense, we've killed more Americans than the British ever did."
Tom Waits is going to be the voice of an animated character in an upcoming film. The film is called “The Bunny Who Only Ate Fiberglass.”
A new car is coming out from BMW that’s partially made from hemp. It’s the first car that can go from 0 to 60 in whatever dude.
CNN.com featured an editorial that claims "Americans are too dumb." I was going to read it, but then I saw a link for "12 craziest cat twerking videos" and clicked that instead.
It's reported that the wife of former CIA director David Petraeus is "beyond furious" about his affair. Mrs. Petraeus said, "I guess he wasn't talking about Iraq when he told me he was busy pulling out of a foreign territory."
In a recent interview about the killing of Osama bin Laden, former Vice-President Dick Cheney said that he gives President Obama, "high marks." Then he said, "Trust me – I know how hard it is to shoot someone in the face."
I suffer from the Irish curse - my penis stays out drinking all night.
I may not be the strongest person at the gym, but I defy you to find someone in this Curves with a better attitude.
A German town is trying to end public urination by coating walls in the town with a special paint so that your pee splashes back at you. Unfortunately it’s not working, because that’s what most German guys are into.
In Canada, a product called "Sex Cereal" is coming out that is supposed to improve a person's sexual health. Customers who've tried "Sex Cereal" say "Theeeeeeey're GROSS!"
The Obamas have decorated the White House with 54 Christmas trees.  It's all part of their, "For the last time, we're not Muslim" campaign.
Republican Florida Senator Marco Rubio now says he will vote against his own immigration bill. In fact, he’s now gone so far to the right, he’s introducing a bill to deport himself.
Yesterday was Japan’s annual penis festival. Israel also had its penis festival, but they had to cut it short.
After lying to Rio police, Ryan Lochte has been summoned to Rio to testify. In accordance with the Brazilian constitution, he has the right to a fair and Speedo trial.
It’s being reported that Donald Trump is mentioned on social media seven times more often than any other Republican candidate. And that’s just by Donald Trump.
Wal-Mart has announced that it will begin selling the iPad 2 this spring. In packs of 1200.
Doctors are saying the result of President Trump's physical revealed that he is borderline obese. In fairness, he did promise us growth.
Automatic budget cuts could negatively affect water and sewage services. In other words, all of America is about to embark on a Carnival Cruise.
President Obama is embroiled in three scandals. After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, “Amateur.”
Election officials say that in 2016 it may be possible to vote for the President on your smartphone. So with one quick swipe you can choose a president AND tell him or her exactly where you want to hook up.
Donald Trump has been named Time magazine’s "Person of the Year."  When he found out, Trump said "That’s all I ever really wanted," and then he quit public life, never to be heard from again.
A man is getting bar mitzvah’d at age 113. They’re hoping the attendance is better than last year when he got circumcised.
"Batman v. Superman" had the largest Easter opening of all time. Prior to this, the biggest opening on Easter was Jesus' tomb.
One of Donald Trump’s top advisers is the CEO of Marvel Comics. Which is why today the Avengers announced that they would be deporting Thor.
Since Saturday, Apple has sold 3 million iPads.  So to the Chinese workers who made them, "Juice boxes all around!"
House Republicans are again trying to repeal and replace Obamacare, even though they don’t have the votes. House Republicans defended themselves and said, "Please, it’s a soothing ritual that comforts us."
Last night at the Grammys, Adele started a tribute to George Michael but messed up and so she started over. She was on such a roll that she won the Grammy for Best Mistake.
Organizers for the Sochi Olympics have had trouble filling seats for the biathlon. This is because Vladimir Putin is warning people away from any event containing the word "bi-."
A new study suggests that President Obama's emails are more personal than Mitt Romney's. Romney's usually end with, "Best regards, Mitt," while the President's usually end with, "I killed Osama bin Laden."
Burger King announced that all of their chickens and pigs will now be raised cage-free.  In response, chickens and pigs said, "That's cool, now let's talk about the part where we get turned into sandwiches."
For Star Wars Day, a group of fans made the world’s biggest Millennium Falcon out of Legos. Even more exciting, they also set a record for "World’s Biggest Cry for Help."
California has become the first state in the nation to ban the use of plastic bags. Governor Jerry Brown says, "Plastic has no place in California unless it’s in our residents’ faces or breasts."
President Obama's birthday is this week, and he said what he wants for his birthday is a deal on the national debt. In a related story, Michelle Obama is at the Apple store trying to buy a $4 trillion iTunes gift card.
The stock market plunged 600 points and One Direction announced they are breaking up. It was good timing for me, because when people asked why I was sobbing uncontrollably, I was able to blame it on the stock market.
Because of slow sales, RadioShack may have to declare bankruptcy. RadioShack informed their employees this morning by fax.
Some high school sex ed classes are now going to include the topic of bestiality.  In fact, one student has already told his teacher, "My dog ate my homework and that's not all."
Over the past 30 years, the average American cup size has gone from 34B to 34DD. And that’s just the men.
Tonight, President Obama is celebrating Passover with a Passover Seder.  After hearing this, Sarah Palin said, "Ah ha, he is a Muslim." 
A 14-year-old Texas boy lived in a Wal-Mart for four days before he was discovered. Employees got suspicious when they noticed something in a Wal-Mart that was made in America.
The big news story of the day is incredible, and I have a humorous take on it.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen wants people to pray for her husband, Tom Brady, to win the Super Bowl.  In response, God said, "You know what, I think I've done enough for Tom Brady."
The hackers who hacked into HBO leaked some storylines for the upcoming season of "Curb Your Enthusiasm." I hate to ruin it for you but apparently this season Larry is going to do something anti-social that will end up backfiring on him.
A lot of celebrities are revealing what gifts they got their loved ones. For example, Bill Clinton gave Hillary an "at least you won the popular vote" coffee mug.
Earlier today, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie signed the toughest anti-bullying laws in the nation.  Then someone gave Governor Christie a wedgie and said, "Ha-ha – you've got a girl's last name!"
Apple recently said that every idea for an Apple product begins with "delight, surprise, love, and connection." Apple said, "Then we add a $600 price tag on it and BOOM."
In South Carolina, the winner of the $400 million dollar Powerball lottery has chosen to remain anonymous.  However, I’m guessing it’s that cashier at Cracker Barrel with the Learjet.
Prior to the debate, Donald Trump said he wanted to be "very civil." He said that instead of referring to all Hispanics as "criminals" he’ll call them "Criminal-Americans."
Donald Trump is now saying the media took his praise of Saddam Hussein "out of context." Trump also said the media misinterpreted his 5 star Amazon review of "Mein Kampf."
The President of Armenia met with the Kardashians. He asked them to change their name to "O’Malley."
To anyone in that Russian crime ring that stole all those passwords: can you help me get into my Pinterest account?
Kim Kardashian recently admitted that she stormed out of a recording session for her new single "Jam." Unfortunately, then she went back in.
A Democratic fundraiser is offering donors a one-on-one dinner with President Obama for $35,800.  Unfortunately, the only person in America who can afford it is Mitt Romney.
After seven years in office, President Obama has finally joined Facebook. So expect a spike in the number of people claiming to have a black friend.
An anti-gay politician has been caught sending a picture of his penis to another man on Grindr. The lawmaker defended himself saying, "I just wanted to show people on Grindr what a non-gay penis looked like."
Hillary Clinton has vowed to crack down on hackers who launch cyberattacks. She said, "If anyone’s going to abuse US government computers, it’s gonna be me."
Sarah Palin has a 61% unfavorable rating in Alaska. That number jumps to 100% if you just ask the animals.
Ukraine announced plans to open the site of its nuclear meltdown at Chernobyl to tourists next year.  They say going to Chernobyl is just like going to Disneyland, except the 6 foot mouse is real.
In an interview, Pope Francis suggested that the Catholic Church may allow priests to marry. He said, "If there’s one thing that helps people stay celibate, it’s being married."
In California, a woman took an entire week to transform her parents’ home into a gingerbread house. And when they saw their house, Mr. and Mrs. Feingold were pissed.
It’s almost baseball season. Oh boy, I can’t wait for games 150-162.
A dating Website called "BeautifulPeople.com" has dumped 30,000 members claiming they're too ugly and shouldn't have been there.  However, all 30,000 have been invited to join the new website called, "Beergoggles.com."
Scientists have been able to create baby mice from freeze-dried mouse sperm that was kept on the International Space Station. When asked about it, the astronauts said, "Wait a minute, so that WASN'T ice cream???"
"Jersey Shore" has added a new woman to the cast for their next season. No word yet on whether or not she likes to party.
The new season of Jersey Shore premieres tonight. So now America can take a break from feeling broke and concentrate on feeling ashamed.
Crossed Kim Jong-un off my Christmas list. You have to take a stand somewhere.
Last night's World Series opener was one of the least watched in TV history.  So tonight, to improve ratings, both teams have agreed to play football.
In another celebrity photo leak, nude photos of Kim Kardashian have been posted to the internet. Kim said she would be very embarrassed, if only she only knew how.
Google has unveiled a "talking shoe" that comments on your running performance.  The shoe says three phrases, "Keep going", "Just a little further" and "Get off me, Fatty."
Possible Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee slammed the Obamas for letting their daughters listen to Beyoncé. Huckabee said, "My kids chill to Nicki Minaj."
A new study claims that popular people may live longer than unpopular people. If that’s true, Shia LaBeouf died in 1982.
Tonight is the first night of Hanukkah. This afternoon, President Trump marked the occasion by wishing the Jewish people "Merry Christmas."
Donald Trump falsely claimed that NBC news anchor Lester Holt is a Democrat, when he’s actually a registered Republican. In other words, Trump just alienated the one black guy who might have voted for him.
A new study just came out and it reveals women prefer a slightly larger penis. When asked what they mean by that, the women said, "Bigger than yours."
"Wheel of Fortune" host, Pat Sajak, posted several tweets mocking people who believe in global warming.   The tweet was hard to understand because Sajak didn’t buy any vowels. 
I assume 'Escape Plan' is about Stallone and Schwarzenegger trying to escape their speech coaches.
Honey Boo Boo has a new pet chicken named "Nugget."  Hopefully, things go better for "Nugget" than they did for her pet pig, "Delicious."
At a concert this week, Justin Bieber rubbed a fan’s smartphone on his crotch. In a related story, Justin Bieber is now in third place in the New York City mayoral race.
Starbucks introduced new decaf soda today, it comes in three flavors: spiced root beer, golden ginger ale and lemon ale. It comes in three sizes: grande, venti and "Can I have the bathroom key?"
Yesterday, during his speech on national security Jeb Bush mispronounced "Boko Haram" and got confused between Iran and Iraq. When reached for comment, his brother George W said "He sure sounds presidenciary to me."
In another interview, President Trump said he thinks the Civil War could have been prevented. After hearing this, John McCain said, "Trust me, I did everything I could."
It's being reported that Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte might be the next "Bachelor." He's the perfect choice – He'll give the winner a rose, and then pee in her pool.
In England, a drunk driver crashed his car, fled the scene, and was discovered hiding in a nativity scene. Police were suspicious when they saw a Wise Man vomiting on a donkey.
Taco Bell has unveiled a new taco where the shell is made out of fried chicken. Their slogan is, "there’s never been a tastier way to say 'I give up.'"
A record number of Americans now owe so much in back taxes that they are renouncing their U.S. citizenship.  These Americans have all been offered safe haven in the country of NicolasCage-istan.
The St. Louis Rams will be moving to Los Angeles. Of course like a lot of midwesterners coming to LA, they’ll come here with big dreams and end up waiting tables.
Kim Jong Un and his wife are expecting their second child. They don't care if it's a boy or a girl, just as long as it's crazy.
After 600 people got sick on a cruise, Royal Caribbean is offering those passengers 50% off a future cruise. A Royal Caribbean spokesman said, "It’s a good deal –That’s the same amount of diarrhea, but for half the price."
Tomorrow is Groundhog Day.  In Los Angeles, that's the day when the groundhog emerges from his hole and tells us whether we'll have six more weeks of awards shows.
Some people are saying the reason Michael Phelps isn't doing well is because he let himself get too out of shape.  I just have to say, if that guy's out of shape, I've been dead for five years. 
Donald Trump said today that all Muslims, even US citizens and those serving in the armed forces, should be barred from entering the United States. Trump’s statement was so outrageous and so offensive, his poll numbers went up 20 points.
Over the weekend, Israel held its first ever Burning Man festival. Of course in Israel they call it, "Oy, the heat!"
Over the weekend, the creator of Red Bull died at the age of 89. As per his wishes, his funeral will be an all-nighter—followed by a hellacious midterm.
The World Health Organization is advising scientists not to name diseases after places or people. The World Health Organization made the recommendation after complaints from a Miss Ebola Ann Syphilis.
United Airlines just announced they will now be charging some passengers to use the overhead compartment. That explains United’s new motto, "If You’re Still Flying With Us, You’re Stupid."
The producers of "Downton Abbey" have revealed that the show will have its first black character.  Next season, Lord Grantham will receive a special visit from Sir Mix-a-Lot.
In a speech today, President Obama said the housing market may not pick up again for another year or longer. On the bright side, President Obama now has nine people interested in his house.
Valentine’s Day always makes me think of 3rd grade, and my first real crush. Here’s to you, Vice President Spiro Agnew.
A library has found a copy of "50 Shades of Grey" containing traces of herpes. So we know what one person was using as a bookmark.
A chemical engineering professor is in trouble after his university discovered he used to be a porn star. The university said, "That’s not the kind of 'staying up all night cramming' we’re trying to encourage."
A kid in New Jersey is falsely claiming to be my illegitimate son. For the record, I have three children: Neve,  Beckett, and Ronan Farrow.
House Speaker John Boehner called NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden a “traitor.” But only because Snowden leaked the settings for Boehner’s tanning bed.
Herman Cain's mistress is a woman named Ginger White.  When I heard this, I was startled because Ginger White is my nickname.
Residents in Zurich, Switzerland voted to allow drive-thru sex booths. Word to the wise, do NOT get confused at the window and order "McNuggets."
In a new study, women prefer a bigger penis for a one night stand and a smaller one for a long term relationship. In a related story, my wife and I just celebrated our 14th anniversary.
Scientists are saying that pig hearts may soon be transplanted into humans. Which is good news for everyone except Jewish and Muslim people. 
I think my Fitbit is just trying to make me feel good.
President Trump is actually getting a lot of praise for his response to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. You know, it’s not a good sign for your presidency when the best thing that happens to you is "two hurricanes."
Simon Cowell has revealed that he and his pregnant girlfriend are expecting a boy. Today Cowell was seen out shopping for tiny boy’s t-shirts, and also some clothes for his son.
Yesterday in New York City, hundreds of New Yorkers rode the subway with no pants on because it was the annual "No Pants Subway Ride."  And today, hundreds of New Yorkers rode the subway with no pants on because it was Monday.
A Florida man went to court for the right to marry his laptop computer. He said his laptop computer is just like a wife because whenever he brings it into bed, it freezes.
An inmate is suing his prison after he had an erection for 91 hours. It’s what prison officials call "hard time."
Madonna's half-time show featured Roman soldiers, choir singers, a marching band, an acrobatic tightrope walker, and a Cleopatra outfit. Which explains why today, Lady Gaga held a press conference and said, "Bitch, it is on."
In Israel, a meeting between Justin Bieber and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been called off. Still no word on how this will effect next month's summit between Selena Gomez and Hezbollah.
Yesterday, a pro football player for the Tennessee Titans saved a family from a burning car.  Then, because he’s an NFL player, he murdered them.
Uber has agreed to pay a $10 million settlement against claims that it was doing poor background checks. The money is expected to arrive in a Silver Kia in four minutes.
Two members of The Village People are in court to battle over who wrote some of their big hits like "YMCA." It’s the landmark case of "Cop Vs. Indian Chief."
President Obama just had a physical exam and his doctor said Obama is "physically active, eats a healthy diet, and stays at a healthy weight."  So now I'm starting to doubt whether Obama was born in this country.
Apple is saying that the new Apple Watch needs to be charged every single day. Also charged every single day, someone in the NFL.
Saturday marks President Trump’s first 100 days. Political analysts say that we are still in President Trump’s "honeymoon" phase. Which may account for that feeling that we’re being repeatedly screwed.
Political analysts say the rise of Donald Trump has made Evangelical Christians feel "abandoned." Evangelical Christians said, "We’ve been so depressed, it’s hard to get up the energy to hate gays."
The New York City Opera has announced that it’s filing for bankruptcy. The announcement that it’s over was made in song by a fat lady.
Chipotle is testing deliveries by drone. A spokesman for Chipotle said, "If our food is going to come flying out of you, it might as well fly into you."
Tonight is Game 2 of the World Series. They might have to cancel it though, apparently they’re still playing Game 1.
The Democratic Party is reportedly trying to recruit more white men. Which explains their new campaign slogan, "Yay khakis!"
Amazon has introduced a new feature that scans what you’re wearing and gives you clothing advice. The feature is called Trevor, and it’s Alexa’s bitchy gay brother.
It's being reported that 70% of New York City restaurants got an "A" on their inspection reports.  Unfortunately, the "A" stands for, "Aaaay, is that a rat?"
How long until we can pay for groceries by simply waving a hand over the register? It's already been an hour but they're asking me to leave.
In a new interview, Michelle Obama said her daughters watch "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" but that the President doesn't approve.  Obama said, "If I want to see a giant ass who doesn't do anything, I'll have lunch with Joe Biden."
Two rides at Disneyland have been temporarily shut down due to safety concerns.  The most dangerous of these is probably "Mr. Toad's Wild Ride While Texting."
"Twilight: Eclipse" has been smashing box office records since it opened. For the record, I was sickly pale before it was cool.
Marijuana activists were prevented from bringing an inflatable 50-foot-long joint into the White House. Activists got the idea after smoking an actual 50-foot-long joint.
I’m wondering if now that he dropped out I can still wear my "Sexy Lincoln Chafee" costume for Halloween.
Texas governor Rick Perry says that if he runs for president, he's ready to fight accusations that he's gay.  He said any man who so much as asks him if he's gay is going to get a good hard pinch in the butt.
Over the weekend, a man was arrested trying to break into Taylor Swift's house. It's a good thing police arrived, because if there's one thing we know Taylor's not good at, it's holding onto a man.
“Groot, I am.” (Groot doing a Yoda impression)
I'm writing an Irish-Catholic version of "Inside Out," where the only two characters are Guilt and Jameson's.
Soon you will all be able to buy shares of Facebook.  This is perfect for anyone who's ever logged onto Facebook, looked at pictures of their friend eating a sandwich and thought, "Now there's a sound investment."
The Olive Garden recently sponsored a contest where the winner wins a trip to Italy.  I don't know about you but I'm personally hoping the winner is their chef.
Scientists have developed a robot specifically to write Jewish Torah scrolls. You can see the whole story in the upcoming movie, "Schwartz Circuit."
Yale University is being pushed to modify a poetry course because students complained that the content is "too white." Students objected specifically to a poem called "Ode to A Lost Prius in the Whole Foods Parking Lot."
I’m torn because I love the new iPhone5S’s fingerprint scanner, but I also want to get away with some murders.
Usher is being sued for millions because he failed to disclose to a sexual partner that he has herpes. In a related story, Steven Tyler has fled the country.
Political analysts are saying that the key voting bloc this election will be a group of women called "Birth Control Moms." "Birth Control Moms" are women who use birth control, but apparently not correctly.
Senior aides to Donald Trump say they try to keep him from watching cable TV. And that’s partly because the news channels upset him, but mostly because he’s now bought over 300 NutriBullets.
A new survey has found that Indianapolis is the most sexually satisfied city in the US.  Which explains why their new license plates don't say "Hoosier state" they say "Hoosier Daddy." 
Hillary Clinton has been calling President Obama's foreign policy a "failure." So she either wants to be President, or a Fox News anchor.
Yesterday, Charlie Sheen was spotted on a rooftop shouting, drinking a bottle of red liquid labeled "tiger's blood," and wielding a machete.  I don't know about you, but I'd love to see this guy's "To Do" List.
A new app has come out that describes itself as "Uber for Sushi." The app tells you exactly how many minutes away your E.coli is.
There’s a new cable channel of entirely dog-based programming called “DogTV.” In a related story, there’s also an entirely cat-based channel called “YouTube.”
At a commencement speech over the weekend, George W. Bush told college grads that even C students can become president. It was an inspiring speech entitled, "Try Kinda Hard, and Have the Right Dad."
In New York City, a group of subway riders worked together to erase swastikas from a subway ad. In true New York fashion, they erased the symbol of hate from the ad then immediately drew a penis on it.
Mitt Romney is now promoting a message that his economic policies are better for women. Not helping though is Mitt Romney's new slogan: "Mitt Romney: Mo' Money For Da Bitches."
Rapper Fetty Wap was in court this week for multiple driving violations. However, he’s insisting they arrested the wrong Fetty Wap.
After appearing in a commercial during the Super Bowl, people are accusing Bob Dylan of selling out. Today, Dylan responded by saying, "Everyone needs to calm down, have a Bud Light and relax at a Sandals resort."
I had an amazing experience in Cuba, the people there are absolutely fantastic, but I do have to say it’s very nice to be back home in front of all you capitalist pigs.
Some people were distracted during Condoleeza Rice's speech because she had lipstick on her teeth. And they were even more distracted the night before when Chris Christie had a rack of ribs on his chin.
Turns out, "Cowboys & Aliens" is NOT about Arizona’s immigration laws.
There’s reportedly a film in the works about Edward Snowden. Then, today, the script was leaked by Edward Snowden.
The Detroit Lions Quarterback Matthew Stafford signed a new contract worth $76 million.  They’re paying him $10 million to play quarterback and $66 million to live in Detroit.
On Friday night, Chris Christie and Mitt Romney met for dinner. Afterwards, Romney said, "It’s the first time I couldn’t afford to pick up the check."
Yesterday, a robot threw out the first pitch at the Philadelphia Phillies game – and it was booed. Afterwards, Phillies fans apologized and said, "Sorry – we thought it was a small child."
Today, Rush Limbaugh joked about President Obama and Chris Christie being gay lovers.  Obama and Christie are furious and said they'd give a formal response as soon as they get back from the Caribbean.
Paleontology Joke of the Day: I’m hung like a horse, if the horse is Eohippus.
In a recent interview, Michelle Obama said that the Secret Service taught Malia how to drive. In exchange, Malia taught the Secret Service how to throw a party when her parents are away.
Photos of the Royal Baby’s birth certificate have surfaced, and on the document Kate Middleton’s occupation is listed as “Princess.” It’s always inspiring to me when a new mother decides to remain in the workplace. 
The CEO of Starbucks announced he’s stepping down. He’s going to become the CEO of the Starbucks across the street.
The new trend announced by the TV networks for this season is "must-see live events."  Which is why tonight, my show’s going to feature a wedding, two childbirths, and six murders.
Lawmakers in Georgia passed a bill allowing alcohol to be sold closer to college campuses. Finally, college students in Georgia will have access to alcohol.
Scotch looks delicious, but then you take one sip and it tastes like a leather furniture store that's on fire.
Some sports analysts are wondering if Seattle Seahawks player Marshawn Lynch is going to do his controversial "crotch grab" at the Super Bowl. Apparently with the Patriots around, NO ONE is leaving their balls unattended.
A United Airlines plane took off for a ten-hour flight without toilet paper on board. On the bright side – people finally found a use for the Sky-Mall catalog.
On Saturday night, Mitt Romney, Snooki and Steven Seagal were all spotted at the boxing match.  Apparently, the whole crowd was made up of people that we won't remember in three years. 
It’s been reported that after winning three gold medals in Rio, Usain Bolt was caught cheating on his girlfriend. More impressive, he was also found with another woman just 14 seconds later.
Newly revealed video shows a Fox News anchor at an airport becoming belligerent and fighting with cops. Or as that’s known at Fox News, "an audition tape."
According to a new report, someone has been downloading porn from inside Vatican City. It's someone with the user name, "NewPopeNewRules."
In a new interview, Denzel Washington said that he prefers not having any celebrity friends.  So Denzel give me a call – let's hang out. 
It’s being reported that last year, the 20 richest people on Earth lost $70 billion. That’s right, all to one incredibly persuasive Nigerian prince.
This weekend, Martha Stewart said Donald Trump should not be president because he is "totally unprepared." Though to be fair, by Martha Stewart’s standards, we’re ALL unprepared.
In California, an experimental self–driving car invented by Google took a blind man to Taco Bell.  When the man realized where he was, he told the car, "Hey, I'm blind, not high."
There's a new high-tech device that helps you avoid getting a sunburn. It’s called a house.
Queen Elizabeth is in financial trouble. How do you go broke when your face is on the money?
At Yellowstone National Park, many people trying to take selfies with bison are being injured. Even worse, authorities are still searching for the guy who tried to take a bison dick pic.
It's been reported that one of the surprise speakers at the Democratic convention will be Scarlett Johansson. For her speech, she'll be talking to an empty chair and telling it, "Hey— My eyes are up here!"
In Vermont, the governor’s race is so close the Vermont legislature may have to choose between the two candidates. So we won’t know until next week, if the winner is Ben or Jerry.
If Congress can’t agree on funding by Friday, TSA workers may have to work without pay. The head of the TSA said, "That’s okay, we don’t do for money - we do it to see what your junk looks like."
In a new interview, Elton John said he never announced he was gay because he assumed it was "common knowledge."  He was correct.
Mississippi has started construction on a museum dedicated to its history with civil rights. So make sure and get your ticket to the "Museum of Not-Good."
Donald Trump said he could call Bill Gates and ask him to close down the internet. Then Bill Gates said he could call Donald Trump and explain how the internet actually works.
Today, Sarah Palin pointed out that when she debated Joe Biden, she had to stand for 90 minutes in high heels. When he heard this, Mike Pence said, "That’s nothing - try sitting that long in a leather thong!"
This week, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West will hold a private wedding ceremony. The private wedding ceremony will be simulcast on E!, TLC, and Bravo.
The president of Gambia is refusing to step down, even though the country has elected a new President. Which raises the question, why can’t we be more like Gambia?
Niall Horan of One Direction said the band is not splitting up, they are only taking a break. At least, that’s what he told me after I camped out in front of his house last night.
The US intelligence community is hoping to upgrade their facial recognition technology. It’s the Government’s way of trying to keep up with Bruce Jenner. 
During last night’s debate, Donald Trump said he would feel more comfortable if his own employees brought firearms to work. When they heard that, many of Trump’s Hispanic employees said, "No problemo."
Bristol Palin accused Michele Bachmann of dressing like her mom.  Then, she accused Michele Bachmann's husband of dressing like her mom.
A couple from England won the British lottery for the second time, and the odds of that happening were 283 billion to 1. So congratulations to Prince William and Kate Middleton.
The woman who claimed that Justin Bieber was the father of her baby has dropped her paternity suit.  In other words, Justin had to find out where babies come from for nothing.
Today, a Russian spy ship was spotted off the east coast of the United States. It was here to give Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn a ride back home.
It came out that law enforcement sent a copy of the Ray Rice tape to NFL headquarters back in April. Today, the NFL commissioner apologized, saying the tape "got buried in a stack of tapes of illegal things NFL players are doing."
A high school in Arkansas is letting teachers carry around concealed weapons. So now when students want to ask a question, they raise both hands.
Two California teachers have been charged with having sex with students and giving them cocaine. On the plus side, the students involved had perfect attendance.
Scientists at Oxford University have discovered a new mathematical object that may prove that space and time are just an illusion. That object is known as a bong.
Here in California, some Starbucks have begun selling beer and wine.  When asked why, a spokesperson for Starbucks said, "Because sober people don't buy Michael Buble CDs."
During an interview yesterday, Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway compared Donald Trump to Jesus. That’s right, two guys who started out by inheriting their fathers' business.
Scientists have built an Internet for robots. My advice: knock before entering your robot’s bedroom.
It's been announced that "Glee" will have a special 90-minute episode devoted to Lady Gaga.  Scientists warn that this could rip a hole in the time-space-gay continuum.
Fortunately, "gobble gobble" is turkey for "I'm ready, Jesus."
Thursday night is the first Republican presidential candidates' debate. Just like "Celebrity Apprentice," you’ll see Donald Trump on TV yelling at people you barely recognize.
Security experts are now keeping a close eye on the rise of Osama bin Laden’s son. Even worse, they say Osama bin Laden Jr. may be working together with his siblings Eric bin Laden and Ivanka bin Laden.
The Chilean Miners who were trapped in a mine for 69 days have formed their own corporation.  Finally – a company to give you advice on how to almost die underground.
Tonight begins Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year, kicking off the year 5774. The Jewish year is calculated by counting the number of years since Larry King’s Bar Mitzvah.
As of this year, the federal tax code is over 74,000 pages long. But stick with it, because after page 72,000 it gets really good.
Last night, President Obama held a State Dinner at the White House for Chinese leader Hu Jintao.  At the end of the meal, Jintao opened a fortune cookie that said, "You will lend us another trillion dollars." 
In Oregon, there are now more marijuana dispensaries than there are McDonald's. However, those McDonald's are doing amazing business.
There's a new online quiz that tells you if you would be allowed to enter the U.S. under President Trump’s immigration policies. It consists of a single question: "Are you a swimsuit model?"
The San Francisco 49ers and Green Bay Packers played in minus 2 degree weather. It was the only game in NFL history where players tackled each other just for warmth.
For his campaign song, Mitt Romney is using Kid Rock's "Born Free."  It's much better than Romney's previous choice, "Born Free Thanks to a Generous Inheritance."
It's being reported that Moammar Gadhafi is surrounded by an elite corps of 40 female bodyguards, all of whom are virgins. In a related story, today Charlie Sheen invaded Libya.
Pope Francis has reportedly advised new priests not to give boring sermons. He’s also telling nuns to start wearing tank tops.
In South Carolina, a lawmaker introduced a bill that would put a 24-hour waiting period on Viagra. Today, the lawmaker said to voters, "I’m sorry I thought you said you wanted erection reform.'"
I tried to take a picture with my phone, and people looked at me like I was an idiot. Maybe because it was 1973.
Jennifer Lopez's ex-husband is threatening to release a sex tape that's 21 hours long. Even stranger, the entire thing is narrated by Morgan Freeman.
It's been reported that President Obama asked HBO for copies of the upcoming season of "Game of Thrones." You know things are bad in this country when even the White House can't afford HBO.
True story, the average length of time that human males engage in sex is two minutes. Ladies, I promise, I can cut that time in half.
On a flight to Vegas, flight attendants handcuffed a woman who they caught joining the mile high club.  In other words, her plan worked perfectly.
A new study just came out and it disproves the idea that men think of sex every seven seconds—the study says instead men only think of sex once every 50 minutes.  The study was conducted during a taping of "The View."
I really hope "Straight Outta Compton" kept the scene where you can see me playing backup accordion at the first NWA concert.
Today, Michele Bachman said her hometown of Waterloo, Iowa is the birthplace of John Wayne, when actually, it is the birthplace of serial killer John Wayne Gacy.  Then she said her favorite sitcom from the ‘80s is, "Charles Manson in Charge."
To honor Leonard Nimoy, Canadians have been sketching Spock’s eyebrows, hair, and ears onto their five-dollar bill all across Canada. As a result, Canadians will now be called Canerdians.
Just saw "Storage Wars," where people bid on items in storage containers. Mankind is two months away from being completely out of ideas.
The government shutdown will slash the budget for food inspection. That’s bad news for health advocates, but great news for the new Japanese restaurant, "Leap-Of-Faith Sushi."
A Christian group is promoting what they say is a "Godly alternative to Halloween" and they're calling it "Jesus Ween." Meanwhile, the children in this Christian group are calling it "Bullshit."
Politicians in Miami have passed a resolution to split Florida into two states. The two states would be known as "Geezerville" and "Methylvania."
Bill O'Reilly has been fired from Fox News after being accused of sexually harassing up to 12 women. Apparently O'Reilly violated Fox News’s strict 11 woman limit.
The Taco Bell employee who was photographed licking a stack of taco shells has been fired.  He’s been replaced by Michael Douglas.
The man's okay now, but in Utah, a hunter was shot when his dog stepped on his shotgun. The dog later apologized and said, "Sorry, but you did cut off my balls."
Apple will soon offer to pay for female employees who want to freeze their eggs. Meanwhile, Samsung will offer their female employees thinner eggs with a bigger screen.  
Kirstie Alley says that now that she's done with "Dancing with the Stars," she's thinking of doing a Broadway show. Alley says she's not sure which Broadway show she'll do – but she's leaning towards "Fiddler on The Reinforced Roof."
Vladimir Putin denied meddling in our presidential election. Not helping was that Putin made the statement from behind the desk in the Oval Office.
Can someone please recommend a good Del Taco? I’m getting bored with my local one.
I always thought DWTS stood for Dancing With T.S. Eliot.
Research has confirmed that fetuses can get erections. So ladies, maybe that’s not a kick you’re feeling.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is in trouble because he was caught lying under oath about contacting the Russians during the election. When asked if the allegations were true, Sessions said "Absolutely nyet."
Today, South Korea's first female president was sworn in.  Meanwhile, North Korea said, "We're just going to stick with men named Kim."
One of President Obama's speechwriters quit his job so he could pursue his lifelong dream of writing comedy.  So now he's a speechwriter for Michele Bachmann.
Is there a website where we can auction off George Zimmerman to a passing comet?
Maria Sharapova and Serena Williams are the highest paid female athletes in the world. After hearing this, Ronda Rousey beat them up and took their money.
A pregnant Jessica Simpson has posed nude for Elle Magazine. All I have to say is, dear God, nobody tell Elle Magazine that Snooki is pregnant.
Some McDonald’s restaurants are taking reservations on Valentine’s Day. They’re getting a lot of "tables for one."
The most salacious bit of info in the intelligence report was that Donald Trump hired two prostitutes to pee on a bed while he watched. When he heard this, Bill Clinton said, "The baton has been passed."
Scientists have established that an iconic California redwood is only 777 years old. It’s kind of a funny coincidence, since "Iconic California Redwood" used to be my porn name.
This morning, Bernie Sanders endorsed Hillary Clinton. So, as promised, this afternoon, the Clinton Campaign released Bernie Sanders' wife.
On his Web site, Bill O'Reilly said ocean tides could only be explained by God, then when told they were caused by the moon, he asked, "Then how did the moon get there?" In a related story, Bill O'Reilly is a 5 year old boy.
Today, Mitt Romney criticized President Obama for eroding America's standing in the world. Romney said, "I want to make America the kind of country that I could one day deposit my money in."
A new study came out and it found the best state to grow up in is Minnesota. The study was conducted by researchers who have never been to California, Hawaii, Alaska, North Carolina, Arizona, Colorado, Montana, Vermont, Virginia, New Hampshire, Utah, Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Massachusetts, and New York.
In a new interview, Kate Upton said she wishes she had smaller breasts. Kate, do what I did—learn to love your extra large appendage.
The Republican Party is coming out strongly against online pornography. Man, they really do not want to win this election.
Netflix pulled a "Star Trek" film after complaints about incorrect Vulcan subtitles. Also, allegations of completely fake words like “vagina.”
The other day, Bill Nye "The Science Guy" collapsed while giving a speech. Luckily, the speech was being attended by his brother: Mike Nye "The Mouth-to-Mouth Guy."
New research reveals that being attractive in high school leads to success later in life. The study also found that being nerdy looking in high school leads to a talk show later in life.
Mexico is offering a $3.8 million reward for information leading to the capture of the escaped billionaire drug lord, El Chapo. Mexico said they'll get the money by borrowing it from El Chapo.
For Valentine’s Day, some KFCs are letting you send a loved one a heart-shaped bucket of fried chicken. And even better, if you really hate someone, you can send them two buckets.
The year is 2052, President Cooterpie has declared war on That Island of Plastic Garbage in the Pacific, and the Stones are still touring.
The General Mills cereal Cheerios will soon come in new flavors like quinoa. The CEO of General Mills said the new flavor is in response to an overwhelming demand by no one.
It's being reported that former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is thinking of moving to Los Angeles.  Of course, before you get him as a roommate, just know he's really hard to evict.
Product placement is so pervasive these days it makes me want to Doritos.
At last night’s VMAs, Beyoncé’s album Lemonade, about her husband’s cheating, won seven awards. So the favorite to sweep the VMAs next year is Huma Abedin.
Last night "Game of Thrones" took home four Emmys. That works out to one Emmy for every character that’s still alive on the show.
In Ron Paul's speech last night, he described himself to the crowd as "dangerous."  Then one of his handlers fed him some warm milk through an eye dropper and he fell asleep in a shoebox.
Tomorrow, Ron Paul will announce that he's running for president and he supports legalizing prostitution and heroin.  His campaign slogan is, "Let's Just See What Would Happen."
Yesterday, First Lady Michelle Obama invited Vine stars to the White House. The meeting lasted six seconds.
During Fashion Week in New York, Lady Gaga had a serious wardrobe malfunction.  That's right—Gaga was caught in a blouse, skirt and hat made from simple fabric.
The newest edition of the FIFA video game is reportedly the most realistic simulation of soccer ever created. This is due to a new, high-speed processor capable of calculating scores as high as "4."
A brewery in Iceland has produced a beer that is partially made from whale testicles. When asked why, the brewer said, "I’m having a lot of problems at home."
Let’s build a time machine and Make 2016 Great Again.
A new study says men’s brains order the body to fall asleep after sex. Still no word on what makes women fall asleep during sex. Me cry now.
Coca-Cola is now sold in 193 of 195 of the world's countries. The holdouts are Cuba and the former Soviet Republic of, "CaffieneFree7Up-i-Stan."
Yesterday, Charlie Sheen set a new world record for fastest Twitter account with a million followers beating out Oprah Winfrey.  You know Charlie, drugs and alcohol are one thing but now you're playing with fire.
Newly-leaked emails from Sony Pictures show that there was an agreement between executives to keep Spiderman white and straight. However, to please the gay community, "The Fantastic Four" will now be "The Fabulous 4."
The CEO of Best Buy has lost his job because of a sex scandal. Apparently, the Best Buy CEO was caught asking a customer to "extend his service package."
According to a new study, fewer American women over 40 are now getting annual mammograms.  Even worse, the place most of them get the mammogram is in the TSA screening line.
Chick-fil-A is going to start offering healthier menu items such as quinoa. When asked why, the CEO said, "We’re tired of making money."
Did everyone have a nice Father's Day?  I have to say I was a little bit upset when my son gave a tie to Arnold Schwarzenegger.
According to the Mayans, the world is going to end tomorrow. Of course, for me, it ended with the series finale of "Gossip Girl."
According to a new poll that just came out - nearly 6 out of 10 Republicans want Mitt Romney to run for President. And so do 10 out of 10 Democrats.
The first sentence of Bill Clinton’s speech was "In the spring of 1971, I met a girl." You can imagine the relief in the room when they realized he was talking about Hillary.
Occupy Wall Street has inspired an "I'm Getting Arrested" app that can automatically notify legal counsel. So far, the app has been used by forty protesters and two Lohans.
Happy Birthday to the World Wide Web, which turns 20 years old today. Wow— I can't believe for 20 years I've had a busty Russian nurse fetish!
I love seeing the look on my kids' faces on Christmas morning when I tell them we’re Hindu.
Last night, President Obama made history in his State of the Union Address by using the words "transgender," "lesbian," and "bisexual." It was that part of the speech where he was just starting to read Craigslist Personals.
According to a new report, the US is number one in plastic surgery worldwide with over 3 million procedures performed a year. Number two is Brazil and number three is Bruce Jenner.
This weekend, New York held its first ever “Smallest Penis Pageant.” The competition was stiff, but nobody could tell.
Long John Silvers has just hired a new executive to completely revamp  their menu. For starters, he said they're going to start experimenting with something called "fish."
France is seeing a rise in armed clowns terrorizing people on the streets. The good news is, they’re scaring off the mimes.
Scientists have discovered a painkiller that will not cause addiction. When asked for details about this miracle drug, scientists said "Okay, okay, it’s pot."
It has come out that, just like President Trump, even George Washington used to complain about leaks. There was that time Washington said of Paul Revere, "Fake horseman dead wrong about British arrival. Sad!"
I just bought a painting from an emerging abstract artist, or someone just sold me their napkin.
Both candidates working hard to shore up their support among women.  In fact, today they both pledged to increase domestic production of Ryan Gosling movies.
Taco Bell is launching a new upscale menu at all of their locations. Which is good news for anyone who's ever wanted to experience classy diarrhea
Today, Donald Trump tweeted angrily about journalists saying, "They will never learn." Which coincidentally is the school motto at Trump University.
I just got waylaid in Malay by Pele.
The head of Taco Bell said reports that their tacos are only 36% beef are not true – that the real figure is 88%.  Then he said, "But trust me – with that last 12% - we get REAL creative."
Oprah Winfrey has been invited by the new government in Egypt to do a show from Cairo.  Great, so they've replace one power mad tyrant who's been in power for 30 years with another one.
In a recent interview, the Pope revealed he doesn’t use the internet and he hasn’t watched television since 1990. Then he announced his plan to make Bill Cosby a saint.
During a satellite interview from North Korea, Dennis Rodman started screaming at a CNN reporter. There was an awkward moment when Kim Jong Un said, "Oh my god, this guy is a lunatic."
Just searched "Trump psychological profile" and crashed WebMD.
Bloomingdales has apologized for a controversial holiday ad that encouraged men to spike their female friends' eggnog. In their defense, Bloomingdales was using the ad to try to sell some Cosby sweaters.
Greece announced they are going to default on their nearly 1.8 billion dollar loan. Who would’ve thought the country that invented the philosophy major would be broke?
In Northern Ireland, a Catholic priest was caught on video drunk and doing cocaine. When the Vatican heard why the priest was arrested, they said, "phew."
Republican presidential candidate Jon Huntsman announced that he has secured the endorsement of Jeb Bush Jr. Analysts say that Huntsman has all but sewn up the crucial "guy you didn't know existed" vote.
A Twitter employee live-tweeted the birth of her child. Which explains why the doctor kept yelling "Push" and "Send!"
Starbucks has teamed up with a designer to make a t-shirt that looks like it was stained with Starbucks coffee. It's the same designer who made last year's bestselling "Taco Bell Underpants."
Turns out “Bingo Bango Bongo!” is not a good thing to yell out during sex.
Vladimir Putin appeared in public for the first time after a mysterious 10-day absence. Putin said, "It took me that long to recover from the finale of 'The Bachelor.'"
It’s been reported that Japan’s largest crime family has split into two rival groups. The two crime families are the Hellos and the Kittys.
A new study says children prefer time with their family to receiving Christmas presents. When asked for comment, children all over the world said, "Bullshit."
Jennifer Lopez has blocked the sale of her honeymoon sex tape, which contains 15 minutes of nudity. J. Lo says she's not embarrassed by the nudity, but she does do some acting in it.
Former FBI Director James Comey did not want to be left alone in a room with Donald Trump. Which is why James Comey was just named an honorary "Miss Universe" contestant.
I can’t believe stores are already selling decorations for Christmas 2016.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has announced that he's going to be publishing a memoir next year. It will be available in hardcover, paperback, and a book-on-tape that's impossible to understand.
DNA tests prove that KFC did not serve a customer fried rat. In fact, KFC’s latest ads say, "Now with no fried rat!"
Apple is teaching it's voice program Siri to speak Chinese. The two phrases it will say in Chinese are "Back to work" and "Make more of me!"  "..and if anyone asks, you're over 10."
Remember when we cared about the Royal Wedding?—Final numbers are in for the Royal wedding and it turns out 23 million Americans tuned in to watch.  Even more amazing, 6 of those people were male and straight.
In an interview, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush said that, during this campaign, President Obama's been 'acting like a 10-year-old.'  Jeb's exact quote was "Obama's acting like a real George W. Bush."
The FDA has approved a potato genetically engineered not to bruise. The scientists are so confident the potato will not bruise, next weekend they’re having it fight Manny Pacquiao.
I look forward to having grandkids, so I can share my wisdom. Mostly wisdom about Angry Birds, Angry Birds Rio and Angry Birds Seasons.
An employee for the Buffalo Bills quit after the entire team took a knee during the national anthem on Sunday. Meanwhile, an employee for the Los Angeles Chargers quit after watching them play on Sunday.
There’s a new exercise trend of people "twerking" to get fit. In just six weeks, you can lose 10 pounds AND your dignity!
There’s a new pocket Ebola test that can detect the virus in just 30 minutes. So now in just 30 minutes you can say, "Bad news - I’ve got Ebola. Good news – pizza’s just arrived!"
A massive "World of Warcraft" themed amusement park is being built in China.  The Chinese say that for true thrill seekers – nothing beats the sheer terror of riding on a rollercoaster built by children.
In an interview over the weekend, Donald Trump said, “I want people that have bad thoughts out” of the country. Then he deported whoever told him to run for president.
A retired U.S. Olympic athlete said that he pulled out his daughter’s tooth by tying it to a string attached to a javelin and throwing it. After telling this story, he hung up the prison phone and returned to his cell.
During a recent fight in Kentucky, a man cut off another man's beard – and forced him to eat it. In a related story, I am staying the hell out of Kentucky.
Apple has a new smartphone app that lets people track their sexual activity. And if the person hasn’t had any sex in a while, it automatically sets itself to "vibrate."
Here in Hollywood, an actress is suing a website for revealing her actual age. However, the lawsuit will be dropped if TMZ apologizes to 33 year old Betty White.
On "60 Minutes" last night, Donald Trump called for a tax hike on wealthy Americans. As a result, today Donald Trump said he can no longer support Donald Trump.
Miley Cyrus has posed naked for a magazine. Now is it just me, or is US News and World Report getting desperate?
A survivalist group is trying to build a gated community which would house up to 7,000 like-minded families. They're calling this conservative compound, "Orange County."
The state of Louisiana has been ordered to continue funding Planned Parenthood. In keeping with Louisiana law, they also have to keep offering birth control pills in "regular" and "Cajun-style."
Almost 40% of people who voted for John Kasich said they did so because they don’t like the other guys. Which explains his new campaign slogan: "John Kasich: The Lesser of Four Evils."
In Texas, a pregnant woman's heart stopped, she had the baby and then she was brought back to life.  Man, that kid is never going to hear the end of it.
It’s too bad. Conan Cumberbatch had a nice ring to it.
Orlando, Florida has been named the porn capitol of America. Which explains why Disneyworld just opened a new attraction called "Mr. Toad's Wild and Unprotected Ride."
In an interview, Mayor Rob Ford says he doesn’t have a drug problem, he has a weight problem. And by that, he means he can’t wait to do drugs.
If you’re a fan of old guys and envelopes, Wednesday’s NBA Draft Lottery was the most exciting night in sports.
At the International Space Station, an American astronaut just completed an entire triathlon in space.  In a related story, I finally took the laundry off the treadmill in my garage.
Still trying to find a problem that cheese can’t fix.
Today, the FDA approved a new anti-obesity drug.  To make sure Americans take it, it comes with a side of onion rings. 
A shipment of Chobani Yogurt intended for the Olympics is being held up due to a problem with Russian regulations. Apparently Vladimir Putin is so homophobic he isn’t allowing anything into Russia that advertises "Fruit on the Bottom."
To protest Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Ukrainian women are refusing to have sex with Russian men. To add insult to injury, when Russian troops invaded Ukraine, the women there said they didn't feel a thing. 
It's being reported that Kim Kardashian's mother was the one who ordered her to make the sex tape that made her famous. She said if Kim didn't do it, she was going to get a spanking, and if she did do it, she was going to get a spanking.
The company that owns Old Navy announced plans to raise the minimum wage they pay their employees to $10.00 per hour.  This way they won’t have to shop at Old Navy.
Donald Trump called Bill Clinton a woman abuser and Hillary Clinton an "enabler." Then he called the Clinton marriage, "the best one I’ve ever seen."
The co-founder of Burt’s Bees was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee.  He says everyone should mind their own beeswax. 
At yesterday's playoff game, Steven Tyler sang the Star-Spangled Banner and he got some of the lyrics wrong.  As a result, millions of Americans now think our National Anthem goes, "Flag looks like a lady."
This Valentine's Day, show her you care by grabbing anything off the CVS shelf with a heart on it.
In preparation for tonight's debate, Mitt Romney has reportedly been practicing his zingers. Romney said he couldn't wait to use his best zinger—  "Your momma is so poor, she only makes $250,000 a year."
The female prison guard who helped the two convicts escape reportedly had sex with both of them. So now they’re wanted for breaking out of prison, and violating the "Bro Code."
Donald Trump has finally agreed to release his medical records. Trump is apparently healthy, but unfortunately the carpet does match the drapes.
Lamborghini is celebrating its 50th anniversary.  Lamborghini is so freaked out by turning 50 that it just bought itself a Lamborghini.
A specially programmed computer has predicted the 49ers to win over the Ravens in the Super Bowl this year. So, earlier today, that computer was stabbed by Ray Lewis.
In a tweet this morning, Donald Trump suggested that Joe Scarborough is a murderer. This is a big step up for Trump - it’s the first time he’s connected a crime to a white guy.
A surgeon announced that he successfully transplanted a monkey’s head onto a different monkey’s body. The monkey immediately endorsed Donald Trump.
This year for the first time ever, marijuana plants will compete in the Oregon State fair. The winner will be whichever marijuana grower remembers to show up.
A German couple's marriage got off to a rocky start when the groom forgot his bride at a highway gas station. He eventually went back for her, but let’s just say he’ll be “self-pumping” for a while.
Congressman Weiner's apartment, which had been for sale, has been taken off the market. Apparently potential buyers became suspicious of what he meant by "full Southern exposure."
During the debate the other night, Mitt Romney challenged Rick Perry to a 10,000 dollar bet and Perry said, "I'm not a betting man."  Perry also said, "I'm also not a spelling man, a reading man or an adding man."
No one knows exactly where NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden is hiding at the moment.  Snowden released a statement saying “No one will find me unless some big mouth jerk starts blabbing like a-hole.”
Did you know if you mix Coke Zero, Pepsi One, hazelnut coffee, and ketchup, you get yelled at by the manager at 7-11?
Yesterday, Chris Brown announced the dates for his upcoming tour. He's going to hit Savannah, Charlotte and Madison, and then he's going to go on tour.
Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Jonathan Papelbon is serving a seven-game suspension for grabbing his crotch. It’s all part of the National League’s "Two balls, you’re out" policy.
It's Valentine's Day.   If any of you are alone today, I say it could be worse — you could be on a cruise ship.
It’s been reported that President Trump is so worried about protests that he is postponing his upcoming trip to England. Trump is also worried he doesn’t have time to learn the language.
Donald Trump is holding his first-ever campaign fundraiser, but he says he’s only doing it because the Republican Party asked him to. Trump thought he should do this for the Republican Party since he turned down their first request: "Don’t be our candidate."
At the White House today, a band played the Vatican’s national anthem. And, I didn’t know this - apparently, it’s Katy Perry’s "Roar."
Over the weekend, Pope Francis gave his support to a woman who was publicly breastfeeding. The Pope defended himself saying, "I’m celibate, this is all I have."
Over the weekend, President Obama warned Kim Jong-un that "bad behavior will not be rewarded."  Then, Kim Jong-un asked, "So how do explain yet another season of Jersey Shore?"
A new investigation found that people are using fake IDs to sign up for Obamacare. I'm sorry, but today's teenagers do not know how to party. 
Liberal Democrat Bernie Sanders had a rally in Los Angeles last night attended by over 27,000 supporters. The rally set the world record for most Priuses in one parking lot.
In Texas, a snake was spotted in a Starbucks.  It was waiting in a long line behind other snakes.
Since becoming Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton has spent over 300 days out of the country. President Obama called her travel record, "inspiring," and Bill Clinton called it, "20 years too late."
President Obama answered questions on YouTube today and he was asked 7,500 times about legalizing marijuana.  And that was just from Chad in Portland.
House Speaker Paul Ryan has unveiled a Republican alternative to Obamacare. It’s called "Dying at 50."
A new report says that over the past thirty years, the number of people in the U.S. who speak a language other than English has tripled. At least, I think that’s what the report said, it was written in Spanish.
It’s being reported that porn videos are being hidden inside regular videos on YouTube. So word to the wise, if you click on a cute panda video, that may not be bamboo in his mouth.
In England, a new restaurant has opened that's just for dogs.  It's the only restaurant where the waiter asks, "Would you like to sniff the cork and my ass?"
Donald Trump said if he becomes president, Americans will be "saying Merry Christmas again." Which may be true, but if he becomes president, we’ll be saying it from our new homes in Canada.
Some white supremacists are now upset because they’re taking DNA tests and discovering they’re part black. And you know who’s even more upset? Their black ancestors.
On Mother's Day, Moms who go to Hooters can get a free meal with a drink purchase. Guys, this is the perfect way to tell your mother she raised a complete asshole.
Last week, the producers of "Spiderman: The Musical" hired a second writer, and this week, they hired a second director. And if that doesn't work, next week, they'll hire their first arsonist.  
A rare, seven-foot-long albino cobra was on the loose in Southern California. Either that or my private photos have been leaked.
Sources are saying that Russia may have hacked into the White House internet system. The problem was discovered this morning, when suddenly Obama’s screensaver was a shirtless Vladimir Putin.
May the pelicans discover your koi pond (Malibu curse).
Facebook has announced that it will no longer allow posts of exposed female breasts. So, if you want to see exposed breasts, you’ll have to look anywhere else on the internet.
Freud said "Love & work are the cornerstones of our humanness." I say it's love and that show "Pawn Stars."
Marijuana plants have been found near the compound of Osama Bin Laden. This may explain why his last words were, "Duuude."
Word is that Jeb Bush is working on a 2016 campaign slogan. So far the frontrunner is: "Vote Bush - Because it’s Been the Required 8 Years."
Apple's "Siri" voice system recently told a 12-year-old boy to "Shut the f--- up." However, in Siri's defense, the boy did say, "Show me your tits."  
A Florida mom is demanding that Toys R Us stop selling "Breaking Bad" action figures. She said, "I live in Florida, if I want to expose my children to meth addicts, I’ll let them play outside."
This week, the FDA announced that sunscreen companies may have to make their product even more powerful. The FDA made the announcement after seeing me come out of the shower.
The season premiere of "Glee" was on Tuesday and viewership dropped this year by 35%.  Apparently, a large number of Glee viewers were offended by the episode's controversial "male-female kiss."
Lyft has a new promotion where you can get a discount on Justin Bieber’s latest album. Meanwhile, if you take Uber, you could be driven by one of the Backstreet Boys.
Today, Lindsay Lohan wore a minidress to court where she appeared to face charges of shoplifting.  Apparently the dress was so short, you could still see part of the security tag.
One of President Obama’s Secret Service agents is in trouble after getting drunk and passing out in a hotel hallway. In his defense, spring break! 
Once again in New York, a man was arrested for yelling anti-Semitic remarks while in an Elmo costume. Now is it me, or is Mel Gibson settling for lesser roles?
None of the new interns are ticklish, so that was awkward.
Astronomers have found the farthest object in our solar system. It’s the airport your friend needs a lift to.
Tonight is the second night of Hanukkah.  Actually since it's TBS, we're just re-running the first night.
Today, President Obama's reelection campaign is focusing hard on Latino voters.  That explains President Obama's new campaign slogan: "If You Squint, I Kind Of Look Puerto Rican."
The FDA has approved a new drug that fights both diabetes and obesity. When they heard, Dunkin’ Donuts said, "Oh bitch, it is ON."
Steven Tyler and his fiancée have reportedly split up. The fiancée explained that she "just wants to date other old gypsy women."
A Southwest airlines pilot was overheard complaining that the women in Houston are only "part do-able." When they heard this, women in Houston said that Southwest pilots make love the way they fly: with frequent stops and a tiny bag of nuts.
Kim Kardashian is saying she doesn't want the paparazzi around for the birth of her child. She wants the birth to be a private moment between her, Kanye and 6 cameramen from the E! Network.
Today, House Speaker John Boehner said the Republican Party will no longer stand in the way of gay marriage. Then Boehner said, "NOW can I go to Elton John’s Oscar party?"
Yesterday, Pizza Mogul Herman Cain compared his run for President to Moses leading his people out of Egypt.  Cain said it took Moses 40 years to lead people out of the desert but he could do it in 30 minutes or less.
Sarah Palin has just signed up to star in her own "Judge Judy"-style reality show. Palin said she knows how to deal with drunks, dead-beat dads, and barroom brawlers - and that’s just her family.
Yesterday, Hillary Clinton was grilled by congressmen about the attack on Benghazi. Then out of habit, she grilled them about where they were last night and who's this "Megan?"
Today, Facebook’s oldest user turned 107 years old. Careful guys, she’s also the oldest user on Tinder.
In his speech last night, President Trump said, "We will respect historic institutions." Of course when Trump says "historic institutions" he’s talking about women over 40.
Today is the Republican Caucus in Nevada, and Donald Trump is projected to win. When asked why they’re voting for him, Americans said, "We’re used to doing things in Nevada that we’ll regret tomorrow."
According to a new survey, white Americans are more likely to see President Obama as angry than black Americans.  After hearing about it, Obama got really angry – according to white Americans.
This is right around the time of year I start calling my shorts “The Chafing Dish.”
Porn star Jenna Jameson is converting to Judaism. She’s already appeared in her first Jewish-themed porno, "Diddler on the Roof."
After three years of drought, LA is finally getting some rain. So good news - the marijuana crop is saved!
It's being reported that a Radio Shack sold a teenage girl a cell phone that already had pornographic pictures on it.  In a related story, the Radio Shack cell phone is now outselling the new iPhone ten to one.
I went to jail as a teenager and I cried the whole time. Haven’t played Monopoly since.
President Trump was very busy all night tweeting about Hillary Clinton. And as a result, Melania Trump spent this morning thanking Hillary Clinton.
Adidas is discontinuing a pair of sneakers that critics are calling "racist."  So today may be your last chance to buy a pair of "Air Mel Gibsons."
I looked in the bathroom mirror this morning and saw my Dad looking back at me. We should stop taking baths together.
Amsterdam has opened the first ever Museum of Prostitution. It costs $20 to go in through the front, and $60 to go in through the rear.
The McDonald’s McRib is back, and there’s now an app that helps you find one. It’s called Fattr.
An entrepreneur has made a device that can prevent the NSA from spying on you by blocking your laptop’s camera. The new high tech device is called a small piece of tape.
Larry King has been named the Grand Marshal of this year's Hollywood Christmas Parade.  Parade officials said, they decided to honor Jesus with another 2,000 year old Jewish guy.
People are outraged that last night during the Super Bowl, the company Groupon exploited Tibet's troubles to promote their website.   A spokesperson for Groupon said, "To see our apology, click on our website."
To raise money for Puerto Rico, celebrities have been posting pictures online of themselves from puberty. However, after one look at mine, Puerto Rico said, "Haven’t we been through enough?"
The Holocaust Museum in Washington DC has had to ask visitors to stop coming there to catch Pokémon characters because they say it’s inappropriate. The players said, "We’re so sorry, can you direct us to the Vietnam Memorial?"
Due to the drought, California is set to impose new water cutbacks this month. For example, men at strip clubs are now only allowed to "Make it drizzle."
Indiana's tourism bureau is working very hard to restore its reputation after the anti-gay law controversy. I think they’re going about it the wrong way, because they put up signs on the border that say: "Indiana Welcomes Sodomites!"
Newt Gingrich's second wife said he wanted to have an open marriage. I think it might be true, because at the last debate, Newt turned down the lights and said, "Hey fellas, let's just all be President."
TGI Fridays reportedly did not disclose any of their nutritional information until required to by law.  A spokesperson for TGIF said, "If we did that, we'd have to change our name to "Thank God It's Type 2 Diabetes." 
Congratulations L.M.F.A.O. for cleaning up at the Acronymies.
President Obama honored Bill Clinton with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Clinton thanked Obama and asked, "How much freedom are we talking here?"
My mother used to hide the eggs in the same place every Easter... the dairy section of our local supermarket.
Last night at a Texas Rangers game, former President George W. Bush almost got hit with a foul ball.  Bush vowed revenge on the batter, but you know Obama's going to be the one to actually get him.
A new website allows parents to rent toys, instead of buying them, for Christmas.  The website is perfect for parents who aren't sure that they love their child. 
In a recent interview, Justin Bieber says he wants to have babies in a few years.  Then someone explained to him, he's not really a woman, he just looks like one.
A new report came out, it says dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with almost 98% accuracy. The report also finds that cats can sniff it out with 100% accuracy, but they prefer to watch you die.
Yesterday, a Kenyan woman gave birth to twin boys and named them Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.  Obviously, she named the one that came out second Mitt Romney.
It's being reported that Al Qaeda has not yet picked a new leader to run their terrorist organization.  Apparently, candidates keep losing interest after asking, "So what happened to the last guy?"
Over the weekend, Tim Tebow and the Denver Broncos got pounded 45-10 by the New England Patriots.  A player for the Patriots said, "It was an easy win, on every play their quarterback would drop to one knee and talk to some invisible dude."
This Rob Ford guy is proof that you can get pretty far just on looks and charm.
There's a big difference between seeing the sign "Employees Must Wash Their Hands", and seeing "Employees Must Wash Their Hands... Right?"
Tonight, Justin Bieber returns for his second appearance on CSI.  This time, the murder victim is the woman who beat him out for the Grammy.
A woman in England crashed her car because she was using a vibrator while driving. The woman is now said to be in "stable, and extremely relaxed" condition. The driver of the van said he never saw her coming.
]The turkey President Obama pardons this year will come from California.  A spokesman for the turkey says it doesn't need a pardon, it needs a job.
As you know, my name is Conan O’Brien. Or for any of you ladies who watched the eclipse without protective glasses - Hi, I’m Ryan Gosling.
Starbucks announced that their Pumpkin Spice Latte will now be made with a little bit of pumpkin. Also their Frappuccino will now be made with a little bit of Al Pacino.
Just snaked my bathroom drain and pulled out an Ewok.
Wonderbra recently unveiled a new product that eliminates nip slips and sideboob. The amazing device of the future is called "a coat."
In Florida, a 7-year-old boy was arrested for punching his teacher. Or as they call that in Florida, "a prodigy."
The ventriloquist who won "America's Got Talent" is now being accused of stealing his act. However, the ventriloquist has denied it through a tiny lawyer sitting on his lap.
Got all my Christmas shopping done. Now to shop for other people.
In New York, prison inmates have been logging onto Yelp to review their jails. They've also been going on eHarmony to review their cellmates. 
The makers of alcoholic energy drink Four Loko are being required to have more accurate labeling. From now on, it will be known by its official name, "Douchebag Juice."
In an interview, Senate candidate Roy Moore's spokesperson said his accusers gave "Academy Award performances." Then Moore interrupted and said, "I just wish they’d been Teen Choice Awards…"
New York City taxi drivers are now being trained on how to spot and identify a hooker.  Which is good because if there's one thing hookers have perfected it's not being noticed by passing motorists.
Ivanka Trump was booed in Germany. Apparently she told the people of Berlin, "Why would you get rid of a perfectly good wall?"
Justin Bieber was involved in another all-out brawl. This one with Brownie Troop #152.
In an interview, Hillary Clinton said she likes nearly every flavor of ice cream. When he heard this, Chris Christie said, "Hey, she stole my speech."
In Mexico, a female politician is running campaign ads that feature her topless.  I just want to say, if this is the way things are headed, I'm really happy that Newt Gingrich is out of the race.
Researchers have found evidence that American boys are entering puberty earlier and earlier. So this could finally be the year for me!
In a recent interview, Donald Trump said that if elected president, he would lift his recent ban on news organizations that have criticized him. Because as everyone knows, great power makes you less paranoid.
Apple has banned fart sound apps from being downloaded to the Apple Watch. Which is why I will be buying the Samsung Fart Watch.
Today Apple unveiled the iPhone 5— which is 18% thinner and 20% lighter.  In fact, it's just a piece of paper that says, "You saps will buy anything."
Other than candy, ice cream, honey, sugar, and sugar substitutes, is there anything sweeter than the love of your family?
The Greatest Generation stormed Normandy so that today, we could storm Target.
The man with the world’s largest penis has been offered a role in a porn movie. He had to say no because he’s too busy hosting his late night show, "CONAN."
The Chicago City Council voted to allow produce sellers to set up fruit and vegetable stands all over the city. The City Council called the pro-vegetable law a "victory," while everyone else in Chicago called it an "unprecedented attack on our lifestyle."
The Vatican has issued new guidelines on cremation, saying Catholics must bury the ashes in a cemetery. Which is too bad, because I wanted my ashes to be a secret ingredient on the show "Chopped."
New research finds that Obama supporters tend to eat at Red Lobster, while Romney supporters tend to eat at the Olive Garden. When he heard this, Chris Christie endorsed both candidates.
According to YouTube, getting drunk is a requirement to drive a pallet loader in a foreign warehouse.
To make himself seem more like a regular guy, yesterday Mitt Romney went to a McDonald's and ordered burgers and fries. Apparently, everything was well—until Mitt Romney asked if the cashier could "break a million dollar bill."
Anthony Weiner said, “More will come out.” Just how long is this guy’s penis?
An ABC news poll showed that 48% of Americans think President Trump is mentally unstable. The remaining 52% agree BUT that’s what they like about him.
This Mothers Day, Hooters is letting mothers eat for free. What better way to tell your mother that she raised a cheapskate and a perv?
Everyone is fine, but Honey Boo Boo’s family was involved in a minor traffic accident. Apparently, their home rear-ended their neighbor’s home.
Hey sports fans, here's my NCAA pick: bet it all on the Savannah College of Art & Design. Go Fighting Acrylics!
Home Depot plans to hire 80,000 new employees. The CEO said, "If your skills include avoiding customers and hiding in the break room –welcome aboard!"  
There's a new trend of prison inmates reviewing their prisons on Yelp! The downside is, now people are committing crimes just to try the amazing fish tacos at Rikers' island.
After numerous complaints from Native Americans, the Cleveland Indians will get rid of their mascot, Chief Wahoo, in 2019. The Indians said, "We realize our mascot is really offensive and racially insensitive so we’re going to wait a year and then get rid of it."
North Korea has now unveiled its own iPad. Actually, it’s just a framed picture of Kim Jong Un, but everyone is pretending they love it.
The National Enquirer is hinting that O.J. Simpson has performed gay acts in prison.  So apparently, he's been riding a different white Bronco.
Last week, photos surfaced of Justin Bieber smoking marijuana. Fans of Justin Bieber were really were upset and fans of marijuana were really embarrassed.
Over the last week, the White House has had three security scares. The Secret Service said two people tried to break in, and one First Lady tried to break out.
Time Magazine announced its person of the year today and it is not President Trump. When asked for comment, the White House said, "Shhh, we haven’t told him yet. Keep it down! Because he’s crazy!"
Top Republicans are now saying that Trump’s border wall doesn’t mean an actual wall, but a metaphor. Which makes sense, because during the campaign all those Trump supporters were shouting "build the metaphor, build the metaphor!”
Only 1 month after the Secret Service prostitute scandal in Colombia, 3 DEA agents are also being accused of hiring hookers in Colombia.  So today the Obama campaign released an ad calling the President "#1 in job creation… in Colombia."
This week, John McCain was called in for jury duty. McCain hasn’t served on a jury since the landmark case of “Man v. Fire.”
A new poll reveals that 70% of Americans have a negative view of Donald Trump. Trump said "Don’t worry, there’s still plenty of time before the election to get that number even higher."
A new study shows that eating bacon makes it difficult to have an orgasm during sex. In response, every man in America said, "I still choose bacon."
In a new statement, Donald Sterling calls the NBA "hypocrites" and "despicable monsters." Which, by the way would be two AMAZING names for NBA expansion teams.
Earlier this morning, in LA, police were involved in a high speed chase with a suspect who was drawing a crowd by throwing money out the window. Now folks, is it me, or is Mitt Romney getting desperate?
I’m going to go out on a limb and say Americans should be free to marry any chicken sandwich they choose.
It’s being reported that one in four Americans didn’t exercise at all this past year. When he heard, Chris Christie said, "Hey, maybe I COULD be President."
Still eating, mostly because that grass-fed turkey from Colorado gave me the munchies.
If Trump builds the wall, isn’t that going to trap the 3 million people who voted illegally inside the US?
President Obama is coming to Chicago this weekend.  Obama is introducing his new economic plan as part of the "Just for Laughs" Festival.
It’s come out that Donald Trump has spent a large portion of his campaign donations buying copies of his own book, "Art of the Deal." Trump supporters are angry that he misused their money, and even angrier that he bought a book.
As an alternative to Obamacare, some Republicans are touting President Bush’s 2007 plan, which they’re calling "Bushcare." Bushcare covers boo-boos, cooties and ouchies.
Next week, Larry King will moderate a debate between third party candidates.  This is the first debate Larry's moderated since the one between Cain and Abel.
NBC has decided not to air an episode of "Fear Factor" where contestants had to drink donkey semen. NBC made the decision after they were sued for plagiarism by the cast of "Jersey Shore."
Just noticed that “egg nog” spelled backwards is “gon gge”. That’s right, I’m holding a mirror and drunk.
So, the CEO of Google has a $15 million sex penthouse? That’s nothing compared to my $20 a month sex P.O. Box.
Justin Bieber was pulled over by police officers while driving in Dubai. Apparently, Justin didn't realize that there are laws in Dubai against women driving.
There's a new trend where people watch television that they despise and it's called, "Hate-watching."  Speaking of hate watching – Hi, mom! 
The royal baby was born today. But don’t worry, America-  we still have Honey Boo Boo.
The other day, more than 40 high school and college teams went to New York City to compete in the 4th Annual Quidditch Tourament.  It's been 4 years now and not a single competitor has gotten hurt or gotten laid.
My Amazon Wish List is mostly lozenges and Klingon knives.
President Trump was in Puerto Rico today to survey the hurricane damage. Trump looked around then told the locals, "If I were you, I’d go stay at your second homes."
At an event over the weekend, former Vice President Dick Cheney proclaimed Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak "a good friend."  In response, Mubarak said, "That's not helping."
The game Pokémon Go is actually making people visit remote, potentially dangerous areas. On the bright side, they finally found a way to get people to attend the Rio Olympics.
Earlier today, Rick Perry dropped out of the presidential race.  When asked what went wrong, Perry said, "I guess America still isn't ready to elect a dumb guy from Texas."
On Saturday, after losing to Wisconsin, Kentucky fans went into the streets and started burning things. Meanwhile, Wisconsin fans went out and started frying things and covering them in cheese.
Ford engineers are working on a technology to enable your car to communicate with other cars around it.  The new technology's being called a horn.
During a TV special magician David Blaine performed magic for Kanye West. Blaine performed an amazing trick where he got Kanye to not talk about Kanye for eight seconds.
President @BarackObama claims to be a Trekkie. But where’s the proof? Why won’t he release his fan fiction?
Terrible climate, centuries of oppression, and the gene for alcoholism. Or as I call it, "The luck of the Irish."
Yesterday, Madonna made a surprise appearance on one of Oprah Winfrey's final shows and told the audience that Oprah Winfrey has "balls and a wealth of compassion."  Then Oprah Winfrey said Madonna has "compassion and a wealth of balls." 
In a new interview, Larry King says he wants to be cryogenically frozen when he dies.  When asked why, Larry said, "I really miss the Ice Age."
Last night was the fourth time Leonardo DiCaprio was nominated for an Oscar and the fourth time he’s lost. Man, being Leo DiCaprio must be a living hell.  
The man who made the documentary "Biggie and Tupac" has released a new film about Sarah Palin.  Apparently, the Palin documentary is similar to the Biggie and Tupac documentary but with more guns.
According to a study, the most common present given on Mother’s Day is a gift card for a massage. It’s the perfect gift for the mother who wants to be touched by anyone but your dad. 
Republican presidential candidate and neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson is under fire for saying a Muslim should not be elected President. Later, Carson apologized for the mistake - he said, "Hey, I’m no brain surgeon."
But that is true Al Qaeda has not picked a new leader yet.  They've narrowed it down to Meatloaf and Lil Jon.   
A package of salad mix that was sold in a Florida Walmart was found to contain a dead bat. This is shocking news - someone shopping at Walmart bought a salad.
Today one Republican leader said his party is "Too old, too white, and too male." You can read the rest of his comments on his MySpace page.
One of the products unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show is a remote for your television that you control with your mind. When you think "ON," it turns on the TV, and when you stop thinking completely, it turns on "Jersey Shore."
Happy 100th birthday, IBM! Or, should I say, "0110100001100001011100000111000001111001 00100000001100010011000000110000011101000110100."
It was reported today that last year, the Kardashian sisters made 65 million dollars.  But before you get too upset, remember 10% of that goes directly to Satan.
After being advised specifically not to look at the sun without protective glasses, President Trump stared at the eclipse without protective glasses. So afterward everyone started advising him, "Whatever you do, don’t resign!"
A man has been arrested for posing as a psychologist and treating at least 100 people. However, after posting bail, Dr. Phil was released.
This past weekend, all 33-of the trapped Chilean miners were here in Los Angeles for an interview with CNN. But after a day of sitting in traffic, they decided to go back to the mine.
The Toronto City Counselor says that Mayor Rob Ford is unable to change. I imagine he means out of that suit.
A company has come out with a beer for Star Trek fans called "Klingon Warnog." Not surprisingly, it’s the only beer designed to be drunk alone. 
Last night and "Mad Men" set a record by losing all 17 categories in which they were nominated.  Even worse, all 17 of them were won by "Here Comes Honey Boo Boo."
In a recent interview, Lady Gaga said she used to live in an apartment that was infested with cockroaches.  Guess what—that's what happens when you have a closet full of meat dresses.
Why do other parents give me dirty looks when I have my son assemble an M-16 blindfolded?
There’s a new alarm clock that wakes you up by slapping you in the face. No word yet on which German company came up with it.
It just came out that taxpayers paid for President George W. Bush's phone bill even when he was out of office and the bill was over $80,000.  Apparently, Bush called 411 thousands of times to ask if Santa was real.
In a recent interview, Justin Bieber said that, despite having millions of dollars, he plans to go to college in a few years.  Bieber said he plans to major in "Somewhere-Between-Men-And-Women's Studies."
An NYU grad student has developed a robotic hand that makes your Tinder-swiping decisions for you. Of course, if you have a robotic hand, you really don’t need Tinder.
Today, the president of Mexico hosted Donald Trump. It was just another example of a Mexican doing a job that Americans don’t want.
New York State has legalized gay marriage—That's right, people are saying New York City will now be America's "gay-wedding" capital.  Meanwhile, New Jersey is still the capital of "Straight men having gay sex in a rest stop." 
In Japan, men who are cheating on their partners are using a special phone called "The Infidelity Phone." Or as Arnold Schwarzenegger calls it, "a phone."
Ireland will be collecting $15 billion from Apple in a settlement over back taxes. Ireland will receive the money on Friday, and Guinness will have it all by Monday.
This weekend, Michele Bachmann told voters in New Hampshire, "I want to be your sweetheart." And today Bachmann told Iowa they could get to second base with her in the back of her Dad's Buick.
According to a new report, Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne's 30 year marriage is over.  After hearing this, Ozzy said, "I was married?"
Apple has reported a drop in profits this past quarter. Experts warn that, if things don't pick up soon, Apple could run out of money 600 years from now.
Facebook’s oldest user turned 107 years old. She’s so old, when her friends poke her, it’s just to see if she’s still breathing.
Trump’s campaign manager is denying reports that he drunk dials female reporters and comes onto them. Trump’s campaign manager said, "I wasn’t drunk."
In California, an experimental self-driving Uber car drove through six red lights. In other words, it just passed its Los Angeles driving test.
Rush Limbaugh said the only reason President Obama will not be impeached is that he's black. Asked for comment, black people everywhere said, "It's true - we've had it too good for too long." 
I always bring my baseball glove to the ballpark, just in case a falcon wants to land on my hand.
Weather reports are saying that Los Angeles might get as much as two inches of rain, and everyone is freaking out. LA hasn’t been this scared of two inches since I was single.
A recent survey says that that many women over the age of 65 think that Joe Biden is sexy. So now when your grandma asks for a hot cup of Joe, she might not be asking for coffee.
Turns out Folgers in my cup is only the 27th best part of waking up.
A county in Virginia has just voted to fine people $250 every time they use public profanity. So good luck to the fine people living in Shitsville, Virginia.
In an interview with Oprah Winfrey, Kim Kardashian said she fell into a "deep depression" because of her divorce.  Then, Oprah Winfrey said she fell into a deep depression because she was interviewing Kim Kardashian.
Trump supporters are outraged over the President’s recent reversals on immigration. This is the first time they’ve ever been this angry at a white male.
I'm at Trump Tower, about to meet about a cabinet position. Sitting between Dustin Diamond and a guy that can swallow 50 eggs.
What will history remember more? Muhammad Ali vs Joe Frazier, or Gavin DeGraw vs Jaleel White?
Congressman Weiner is insisting that he will not quit.  Weiner's exact quote was "I can keep going all night long."
Paula Deen is also being accused of paying some of her employees in beer.  After hearing this, Andy Richter asked, “Is she hiring?”
Many voters feel Mitt Romney is out of touch with real Americans after he tried to make a bet with Rick Perry for $10,000.  When asked to comment, Mitt said, "I'm sorry, but that's all I had in my pocket at the time."
Tonight, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders debated in Brooklyn. And they’ll follow that up tomorrow with a rap battle in the Bronx.
The Tea Party is still looking for the “anti-Romney.” They’re so desperate, they’re starting to look at President Obama.
Over the weekend in New Jersey, President Trump crashed a wedding. Apparently, the bride said she wanted something old, something new, something borrowed, and something that will probably be out of office by August.
A spokesman for the Heart Attack Grill in Las Vegas, died this week of a heart attack. In a related story, the spokesman for Hooters died in the most awesome way imaginable.
In Georgia, a stripper successfully carried out a bank robbery.  Bank employees say it's the first time they've been robbed by someone who entered the bank to the song "Cherry Pie."
A recent report says the majority of Americans can’t name the three branches of government; Judicial, Executive, and Legislative. To make it easier, the government is renaming those branches; Kim, Khloe, and Kourtney.
Donald Trump is now ahead of Hillary Clinton in the polls. This was reported today in the Washington Post and 2,000 years ago in the Book of Revelations.
For the first time on U.S. soil, the Pope said a Mass today, canonizing an American saint. So congratulations to Saint Oprah.
A new poll shows that Hillary Clinton is now only six points ahead of Bernie Sanders. Today, a very confident Hillary Clinton said, "Oh please, like I'm gonna lose the Democratic nomination to a left-wing senator nobody's ever heard of."
Later this month, Google will be testing its new self-driving minivans. The vehicles can do all the functions of a human driver, except wonder, "Christ, how did I end up driving a minivan?"
President Obama is in Los Angeles today for a fundraising tour. I don’t want to say traffic is bad, but right now I’m actually stuck on the freeway, Skyping this show from my car.
Over the weekend, a woman broke into Simon Cowell's home and he found her in his bathroom holding a brick.  Simon approached the woman cautiously and told her, "Paula, put down the brick."
A man in Texas has opened a male version of Hooters featuring buff men in skimpy outfits. The restaurant’s slogan is, "Those aren’t breadsticks."
In China, a five-year old boy has become the youngest person ever to fly a airplane. And, in about an hour from now, people are hoping he'll become the youngest person ever to land a airplane.
A woman is suing McDonalds because she bit into a Big Mac and found a Starbucks.
A former Catholic priest who left the Church to marry his girlfriend is getting a TV show. The show will be called "Leave It For Beaver."
Everybody's ok, but yesterday, Katie Holmes car was hit by a garbage truck. Cops are still looking for the driver of the truck, who was described as "Tom Cruise."
A Florida man is suing a hospital for throwing his right leg away after it was amputated. The hospital says they’re not worried about the lawsuit because the man does not have a leg to stand on.
The Secret Service is asking people on Twitter to report any suspicious tweets. So now if your boss catches you on Twitter, just tell him, “I’m protecting our country!”
President Trump said that North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un’s choice to not attack Guam was a "wise and well reasoned decision." Trump said, "Someday I’m gonna make one of those."
It was announced that Alex Rodriguez is going to host a reality TV show featuring former athletes who are now broke. Or as that’s already known, "Dancing With The Stars."
The Oxford English Dictionary announced that its word of the year is "vape," which is defined as "to inhale and exhale the vapor produced by an electronic cigarette." Then it says, "See, 'douchebag.'"
I'm so excited by the challenge of creating an all-new show on an all-new channel. And the even more exciting challenge of trying to find that channel.
The birth certificate of the royal baby lists her parents' occupations as being the Prince and Princess of the United Kingdom. Which I guess sounds better than "unemployed."
According to the Census Bureau, New York City's famed Little Italy is now home to zero Italians. So by law the neighborhood is now ready for an Olive Garden.
A cast member from "Duck Dynasty" will be a contestant on this season’s "Dancing With the Stars." Which is why this year’s grand prize will be "a shower."
Playing that drinking game where you open a bottle of wine.
People are questioning if Ted Cruz can even legally run for President because he was born in Canada. Because the last thing we want to do is pave the way for a President Bieber.
I think Newt Gingrich is the #1 presidential candidate in the “Could be Related to Bilbo Baggins” category.
California is looking into creating a state bank for the legal marijuana industry. They’re gonna call it the California Bank of Dank Stank.
Wife really wants to see "300: Rise of an Empire." Doesn’t she know those hunky actors are playing fast and loose with historical facts?
View co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck says she's written a poem for her children that explains the death of Osama bin Laden. Hasselbeck says the rhyme she's proudest of is: "Somebody shot a Muslim extremist – in the head, not in the penis."
Lindsay Lohan called the police to arrest a trespasser at her home. She said the man was engaged in suspicious activities like keeping his clothes on and paying for things.
A new study has found that men who are vegan have a much lower sperm count compared to those that eat meat. Even worse, the few sperm vegan men do have refuse to go anywhere near an egg.
For the Super Bowl, I have one of those curved TVs. Problem is, it wasn’t like that when I put it in my car.
Two women on Manhattan's Upper West Side were arrested for fighting over a package of frozen pad thai from Trader Joe's. The women are being held by the NYPD's "Yuppy Crimes Division."
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are getting a divorce. They’ll share custody 50-50, he’ll take 50 kids and she’ll take the other 50.
In a new book, Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks, is quoted as saying, "I may be a chauvinist pig, but I'm no rapist." Which, by the way, is officially the worst pick-up line ever.
This week, Wisconsin is hosting the US Cheese Championship. Once again, the winner is expected to be "Heart Disease."
The Pope has gone back home. The Pope said, "I had a great time - I met thousands of people, I visited three amazing cities and I got rid of John Boehner."
Stephen Hawking said that unless we find a way to escape Earth, human beings will not survive this millennium. Hawking made the prediction at what turned out to be an incredibly depressing baby shower.
In Florida, a drunk half-naked woman crashed her car into a Waffle House. Just a reminder, once again Florida will likely determine who our next president is.
The Cubs are on the verge of being eliminated from the National League playoffs. Cubs fans haven’t been this disappointed since every moment of their lives.
An Australian man dressed as a Star Wars Stormtrooper was attacked by a deadly snake that tried and failed to bite through his costume. The man said the Stormtrooper costume is designed to fend off snakes and girls.
Wal-Mart announced plans to hire 100,000 US veterans. Which can only mean one thing: Wal-Mart is going to invade Costco.
In Pennsylvania, a couple stabbed each other in an argument over who should win American Idol.  At least we finally know why American Idol is losing so many viewers.
Just Googled 47 products I would never buy, just to see how fast ads for them pop up on my Facebook page.
I now regret naming my son "Atticus" and my daughter "Bill Cosby."
I guess we can finally put an end to the rumors that I killed Bin Laden.
Hair stylist Vidal Sassoon died today. He was 84, so it really wasn't sassoon.
There was a tropical storm named “Bud?” I assume it’s the first one to threaten the coast wearing a wife beater.
McDonald's announced that there will be a delay in the return of the McRib this year. A spokesman said, "We're waiting for people to finish digesting last year's McRibs."
A boxing promoter has offered Drake and Chris Brown $1 million to settle their differences in the ring. Chris Brown said the fight will never happen, unless he and Drake start dating.
Today is a success. I did NOT click on a Buzzfeed link entitled "17 Ways Your Talkshow is Giving You Cancer."
A team of scientists has recreated a deadly virus resembling the 1918 Spanish flu that killed 50 million people. This team of scientists is known as “a bunch of dicks.”
During her trip to China, Michelle Obama fed panda bears. Like most people the First Lady feeds, the bears politely ate the bamboo, then had a cheeseburger the minute she left.
When I'm on the freeway I can't help but honk at the a-holes who don't like my violent, unpredictable driving.
Visitors to the Winter Olympics in Sochi are reporting horror stories of rooms without heat, hot water, or working toilets.  Which explains why these Olympics are being sponsored by Royal Caribbean Cruises. 
Donald Trump released his first TV ad. The ad will air on the big four networks during primetime, cable channels during the day, and on Univision when Hell freezes over.
A Hooter’s in San Diego has put up a sign saying they won’t serve Mayor Bob Filner because he disrespects women.  A spokesman for Hooter’s said, “We don’t want him as a customer but we’d love him as a manager.”
Today, the Supreme Court ruled that TV networks can show momentary nudity.  So, by popular demand, "The View" is now a radio show. 
Yesterday, a snowboarder who was raised in America won a gold medal for Russia. So congrats to Edward Snowden.
Over the weekend, much of the cast of "Jersey Shore" reunited for JWoww's baby shower. And also because they heard there would be food and shelter.
A new study reveals the average American is 33 pounds heavier than the average person in France.  After hearing this, Gerard Depardieu said, "I’m doing all I can."
Today is the 23rd anniversary of the first text message. Or, as my friend texted me, "Today is the 23rd anvil-ersary of the fist Texas massage."
There is a new technique that would allow for three people to be the parent of the same baby. But personally, I’ve found that disappointing two parents is more than enough. 
Billy Dee Williams was offered a role in "Django Unchained" -- but he didn’t want the Dee to be silent.
Today, the Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins visited the White House.  President Obama told them he loves hockey as much as any black guy who grew up in Indonesia. 
The Weather Channel is trying to start a new trend of naming winter storms. Which is great, because I've always wanted to hear a weatherman says, "Stay indoors— there's 8 inches of Conan coming your way."
A new book claims that Adolf Hitler may have had an extremely tiny penis. The book is entitled, "This Explains Everything."
A man in California was robbing a house when he butt-dialed  911 by accident. So now he's in prison, where his butt is dialing 911 on purpose. 
For the past week now, Colorado has been allowing the sale of legal recreational marijuana. In a related story, in one week the population of Colorado has jumped to 315 million people.
Former Prairie Home Companion host Garrison Keillor has been fired by Minnesota public radio over allegations of sexually inappropriate behavior. Keillor issued an apology to his three living fans.
Tea Party Senator Ted Cruz claims he currently does not have health insurance. Man, this guy will say anything to prove he’s not Canadian.
Bradley Cooper was spotted at the Democratic Convention and it angered conservatives because he portrayed Navy SEAL Chris Kyle in American Sniper. These are the same people who were angry when they learned that Ben Affleck isn’t really Batman.
It's being reported that Korean Pop Star Psy will appear in a Super Bowl commercial. And then, finally, he will go away forever.
The first porn movie filmed by a drone has been released. The film is expected to be a big surprise to the people who star in it. 
So liberating - just threw car keys into ocean. Glad they weren’t my car keys.
A new study finds that four seconds of silence is enough to turn a conversation painfully awkward. Especially if the four seconds is preceded by the phrase, "I got the tests back."
The TSA is under fire for major security lapses. Because of the security lapses, the TSA has let through pipe bombs, knives, and the last three Nicolas Cage movies.
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings had such a successful year, the company is giving him a 50% pay raise. When he heard, Hastings got so excited he began live-streaming in his pants.
Charlie Sheen is on Twitter now. That's right, her name is Twitter and he met her on Sunset Boulevard.
When asked about it, Jeb Bush recently described the Confederate flag as "racist." Bush said he has long opposed the flag, going all the way back to at least late last Thursday.
Arnold Schwarzenegger could face legal action for lighting up a cigar in an airport that bans smoking. When asked to comment, Schwarzenegger said it was nice to finally get in trouble with a different long thing he carries in his pants.
Chipotle has given Steven Tyler free tacos for a year. Today, the CEO of Chipotle clarified, "It’s not just Steven Tyler, it’s any woman over the age of 60."
I had to see a men’s doctor today. Why? Let’s just say "Newt is no longer surging in the polls."
Saturday was 3/14, or as otherwise known, International Pi Day, where the world celebrates the mathematical concept of Pi. Americans said, "You lost me at 'math,' but you got me back at 'pie.'"
In a recent interview, Larry King said he’s glad to be hosting two shows online. Then someone told Larry that one of those shows was technically just his reflection in the microwave door.
A woman was recently conned out of $86,000 from a guy she met on Match.com. Even worse—he still hasn’t called.
The "Octomom" is selling her home. It comes with 14 bedrooms, 9 baths, all-new appliances, and a walk-in uterus.
Yesterday, Newt Gingrich released a statement promising that he would not cheat on his wife. Even better, he said he wouldn't cheat on his next wife either.
Last night during a fashion award show, Lady Gaga had a wardrobe malfunction. Of course, when Lady Gaga has a wardrobe malfunction, someone loses an eye and three geese die.
Olive Garden is bringing back its "Pasta Pass," which lets you eat as much pasta as you want for seven weeks. In a related story, Chris Christie just suspended his campaign.
Today, President Obama is visiting the hometown of House Speaker John Boehner. Obama plans to give a speech and then visit the tanning bed that Boehner grew up in.
Yesterday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked if the president has confidence in his Attorney General and he was unable to answer the question. When Spicer was asked if he had any self-respect left, Spicer said, "I can’t answer that question either."
TV will get to the point where "Dating Clothed" will be a breakthrough show.
House Republicans are trying to ease government regulations on e-cigarettes. They say e-cigarettes are protected under the Constitution’s guarantee of "Freedom of Douchebaggery."
A Chicago man has been arrested for taking off all his clothes in a movie theater showing "Chipwrecked."  It's being called the second most offensive thing kids had to see in that theater.
Because of the sexual allegations against him, it’s rumored that Bill O’Reilly’s show may be going off the air. For continuity’s sake, Fox will replace it with reruns of "The Cosby Show."
The Apple executive in charge of Apple Maps has been let go. He was fired yesterday but he still can't find his way out of the building.
Yesterday, while commenting on the death of bin Laden, Sarah Palin credited President Bush, but not President Obama. Even worse, while commenting on the box office smash "Fast Five," she credited Ludacris, and not Vin Diesel.
In an effort to repair its terrible reputation for animal abuse, SeaWorld has launched a new ad campaign. They hope it does better than their previous slogan: "Those Dolphins Are Lying."
Ah, autumn in LA, when the stagehands spray the leaves such pretty colors.
iTunes is getting too invasive. Last night I woke up at 3am to find the new U2 album raiding my fridge.
The investigator who led the probe into the Secret Service prostitution scandal was caught with a prostitute. When the cops found them in bed together, he said, "Hey, I’m investigatin’ here!"
Scientists have discovered that a bite from a Brazilian spider can cause an erection in men that lasts for hours. Then again, nothing kills the mood quicker than telling your lady, "Hang on, baby. Let Brazilian spider do its thing."
Trump announced he will visit Puerto Rico next Tuesday and survey the storm damage. However, Trump may have to cancel depending on what happens on Monday Night Football.
Bill Gates has reclaimed his title of "World’s Wealthiest Man." So I’m guessing he’ll probably be getting the new iPhone 5s.
Authorities in New York busted a gun-running operation allegedly headed by a 500-pound gang member nicknamed "Wobbles." The arrest took place on Saturday, and yet the strip search of Wobbles still goes on.
While in Colombia, the Pope bumped his head in his popemobile. Apparently no one noticed, because they’re used to the Pope yelling, "Jesus Christ!"
There's a new smartphone app that tests for STDs by having users urinate on a computer chip – and then insert the chip into your phone. Finally – a way to get urine inside my phone!
SeaWorld has announced it will end its controversial orca shows. However, they’re going to keep their XXX sea turtle sex show. When the shell comes off...things get crazy.
An Arizona couple has gotten married in a Home Depot in the garden section. The wedding was almost called off when the bride caught the groom checking out some hoes.
American Airlines has come under fire because a flight attendant was rude to a breastfeeding mom.  They also charged the baby extra for taking up two teats. 
Prediction: Before he takes the oath of office, Trump will ask us all to sign a prenup.
Fourteen paintings by Adolf Hitler were sold at an auction in Germany. After the auction, the surprised buyer said, "Wait a second, it’s THAT Adolf Hitler?"
Took the kids to see “Ice Age 4”, and they asked why I wasn’t cast as the snow-covered stick.
It's been reported that many of the protests in Libya are being organized over a dating website. Which explains why half the protest signs say, "No Gaddafi!" and the other half say, "No Fatties!"
Yesterday, The Dalai Lama said it's time for humanity to abandon religion. Man— Sounds like SOMEone just got du-umped!
It's been reported that many Orthodox Jews are starting to cautiously embrace the Internet. For example, they've already started sending spam emails offering to "slightly decrease your penis size right after you're born."
For the first time ever, the new JC Penney catalogue features a gay couple.  This is historic because it's the first time anyone gay has been spotted wearing clothes from JC Penney.
A new poll reveals that supporters of both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are motivated by fear, not excitement. And third party candidate Gary Johnson supporters are motivated by being related to Gary Johnson.
If I were a mobster, my nickname would be Conan "Murdered Immediately" O’Brien.
Enjoy the Twitter IPO, nerds. I'll be at the Myspace yardsale.
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West have turned down a magazine's offer of $3 million for an exclusive on their baby photos. Kim said, "The first glimpse of our child is a private affair between me and the viewers of the E! Network."
Over the weekend, the Pope told a group of men that they need to listen to women better. The Pope then lowered his voice and said, "That is, if you want to get some…"
According to a recent study, watching too much television on a daily basis increases your chance of a premature death. The study goes on to say I'm worth it.
In a video last night, Hillary Clinton told little girls that they can grow up to be president. In response, little girls said "Thanks, but we’d rather be Beyoncé."
Virgin Airlines is offering a new "in-flight flirtation service" where passengers can send each other food and drinks. They're also offering an "in-flight-restraining-order service."
It's been reported that the Occupy Wall Street movement has raised more than $300,000.  Which means, technically, now they have to protest themselves.
As much as I love the theme music from the Serial podcast, it really killed the vibe at my Zumba class.
Today the Royal Baby was officially welcomed with a 62-gun salute. Because if there’s one thing babies love, it’s the sound of repeated artillery fire.
Over the weekend, George Clooney got married in Italy. His bachelor party was held over the course of the last 30 years.
Last night, President Obama set the record for the most veto threats in a State of the Union Address. Towards the end of his speech, he was just yelling at Republicans, "Come at me, bitch!"
North Korea has released a propaganda video using the song "We Are the World."  At this rate, North Korea may soon have the technical knowledge to solve the Rubik's cube.
Queen Elizabeth sent out her first tweet. Unfortunately, her tweet was asking how she could get on Tinder.
This morning, Martha Stewart met up with two men who contacted her on Match.com. And this afternoon, Martha's website posted its most interesting "sandwich" recipe yet.
NBC has suspended Brian Williams for six months without pay. Williams said he’s not worried, because soon his veteran’s benefits will kick in.
It’s Thursday, we’re pretty much one week away from Christmas. So that means if you’re a guy, you have six days until you have to start shopping.
It’s come out that President Trump said he wants the border wall to be very tall and very attractive. He also wants to replace the wall after 10 years of marriage.
I just ate a package of Oreo cookies so I wouldn't binge on them later.
Yesterday, Mitt Romney's son Tagg said that during the debate, he wanted to punch President Obama for calling his father a liar. He also wants to punch his father for giving him the name "Tagg." 
A prehistoric village has been unearthed in Miami. Experts say the indigenous people ate fish and small game at around 4 in the afternoon.
The European Space Agency successfully landed a probe on a comet that was moving 41,000 miles per hour. Meanwhile, here in America, we successfully landed a champagne glass on Kim Kardashian’s a**. 
This week in London, Queen Elizabeth wore earplugs at the concert honoring her 60th year on the throne. The earplugs weren't for the loud music, but because Prince Charles kept screaming, "Die already!"
There's a secret app that's inside most cell phones that not only tracks your whereabouts, it also records everything you type into your phone. The app is called "Angry Girlfriend."
A female journalist for NBC who was exposed to the Ebola virus is being criticized because she broke her quarantine to go to a restaurant. Though in fairness to her, the restaurant was celebrating "Infected Ladies’ Night."
The 84-year-old woman who won the half-a-billion-dollar Powerball has asked for it to be paid in a lump sum. Then she coughed and said, “Actually could I get that in the next hour?”
President Trump’s daughter Ivanka is going to have her own office in the White House. So finally, we’ve got a woman named Trump who actually wants to be in the White House.
In Chicago, a lawyer is being accused of hiring a woman with large breasts to sit next to him and distract the jury.  When asked for his ruling, the judge said, "I'm sorry, could you repeat that?"
Last night’s debate at the Reagan Library was the most watched program in CNN history. CNN said they are thrilled with the ratings, but even happier that they could finally show a plane that wasn’t missing.
When they finally found Carmen Sandiego, her bones were scattered in a coyote den.
I'm not a gambling man, but I'd wager $100 at 5 to 1 odds that I will be one day.
Despite the allegations, President Trump said he has "total confidence" in Jeff Sessions. In other words, Trump’s waiting until the weekend to fire him.
The billionaire creator of Beanie Babies was in court today for tax evasion. If he goes to prison, he’s going to be the cuddly one with a cute nickname.
It's been reported that the Los Angeles Dodgers may be bought by Chinese investors. So good news for America – there's finally something China is not going to win at!
"Here Comes Honey Boo Boo" will now air in three new continents. Which means the show will be translated into Spanish, Arabic and, maybe someday, English.
On Sunday the New York City Marathon was won in both the men’s and women’s division by Kenyans. However, coming a close second, some other Kenyans.
Wife not buying that government shutdown includes all gyms.
It's being reported that Dunkin' Donuts restaurants in China are adding "pork donuts" to the menu.  For God's sake, do the Chinese have to beat us at everything?! The donut's all we have left!
Jeb Bush says we may need to send more troops into Iraq to stop ISIS. He said this in a speech entitled, "What’s the Worst Thing That Can Happen When a President Named Bush Sends Troops To Iraq?"
The FDA has just approved a drug to help cure a condition known as "curved penis."  I didn’t hear the rest of the announcement because I was too busy high-fiving everybody around me.
Bernie Sanders' endorsement of Hillary Clinton has angered many of his supporters. Many of them are threatening to not vote for her when they don’t vote in November.
Domino’s debuted a new pizza where instead of dough, they use fried chicken. It’s called "Domino’s Deep Dish You’re All Going To Die."
Yesterday, President Obama gave a speech in Oakland and hundreds of people showed up to voice their support for medical marijuana.  And by show up, I mean wandered in four hours late.
After the big snow storm in Chicago, Mayoral Candidate Rahm Emanuel has been pitching in, digging cars out of the snow.  Of course Emanuel didn't help his campaign because he kept telling people, "Thank God I don't live here."
Scientists now think the Tyrannosaurus Rex immigrated to North America from Asia. So now scientists think the T. Rex was wiped out by its parents' crushing academic demands.
Obama turned down a role in Oprah’s movie “The Butler.”  Instead, Oprah had to go with her second choice, German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
For his running mate, Donald Trump says he’s looking for someone with experience in areas he doesn’t have. So right now Trump is looking for someone who can run a profitable casino.
A company in New Zealand has begun making a recreational jetpack that costs $100,000. Experts are already calling it "The world's most expensive way to die."
The Miss Teen USA pageant has officially gotten rid of the swimsuit portion of the competition. They announced this in a brief press release that simply said, "Sorry, Creeps."
Nintendo is releasing a video game that lets you simulate taking care of a baby. When they heard this, gamers said, "Hey, call me when you have one that simulates MAKING one."
Yesterday in Iran, hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets in widespread protest. The protests were said to be inspired by the events in Egypt and Justin Bieber getting robbed at the Grammy's.
Took my family to the Renaissance Fair on Saturday; today we are all laid up with melancholy humours.
Lufthansa Airlines will soon allow pet falcons aboard their flights. This is bad news for Lufthansa passengers with seeing eye mice.
Just days after drug lord El Chapo’s escape, there are already dozens of ballads about him on YouTube. Surprisingly, the best one so far is by Josh Groban.
I'm not a competitive eater unless someone orders French fries "for the table."
At last night’s VMAs, Beyoncé won Best Pop Video, Best Female Video, Best Choreography, Breakthrough Longform Video, Best Direction, Cinematography, Editing, and Video of the Year. Just for the hell of it, they threw in the Nobel Prize in Economics.
Last night, Kobe Bryant scored a season high 48 points.  Then today, his ex-wife claimed that 24 of those points are rightfully hers.
In a revealing new interview with "Rolling Stone" magazine, potential presidential candidate Donald Trump discusses his best orgasm.  He says he only wishes someone else had been there to witness it.
The Pope is coming to the United States and he’s visiting New York, Washington DC, and Philadelphia, but not Los Angeles. The Pope said, "Let’s be honest, I probably won’t make it out of Philly."
Burger King has merged a Whopper with a burrito to make a Whopperrito. So take note Donald Trump: THAT’S how you Make America Great Again!
On Sunday Hillary Clinton announced she's running for President, and yesterday Marco Rubio announced he’s running for President. I might throw my hat in the ring, anyone can do it.
Yesterday, a Delta flight from Cleveland to New York took off with just two passengers. And get this - they lost their luggage.
This week at the Miss Universe pageant, a contestant was asked what she would do to prevent a war.  The contestant said she would use diplomacy, economic sanctions and walking back and forth in a bathing suit.
New Zealand’s prime minister is pushing for a redesign of the country’s flag. The new flag simply says, "DAMMIT WE’RE NOT AUSTRALIA!"
Canada’s new Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, once put on a striptease show for charity. In Canada, a strip tease just means unzipping your outer layer of fleece.
Sarah Palin's documentary "The Undefeated" will soon be available on On-Demand. It's part of On-Demand's new service called "Not Remotely In Demand."  
China’s stock market crashed, causing many of its richest citizens to lose millions. In a related story, Jackie Chan just signed on for "Rush Hours 5 through 10."
Analysts are saying that after last night’s dismal performance at the debate, Jeb Bush’s donors are in "full panic mode." Apparently, last night, Jeb Bush called his two biggest donors and said, "Calm down, Mom and Dad."
Former President Bill Clinton is calling on President Obama to honor his promise to Americans to let them keep their current health policy. Clinton then added, "Unless, of course, a younger hotter, insurance policy comes along."
For the first time, a vegan, gluten-free bakery has opened at Disney World. The place is called "It’s A Sad World After All."
President Trump’s National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has resigned after it was discovered he lied to Mike Pence. Evidently, he told Pence, "Of course people like you."
Here in Los Angeles, an elementary school is in hot water because they let a porn star read to a group of first and third graders.  And, of course, the people who are angriest about it are the second graders.
A leaked document suggest that Microsoft plans on renaming its smartphone. They haven’t made a final decision, but so far, the first choice is the "Microsoft iPhone."
Oprah Winfrey’s TV channel, OWN, has finally turned a profit. I think I speak for everyone when I say— thank God we no longer have to worry how Oprah is going to make ends meet.
It was reported today that Edward Snowden may return to the US. He’s going to carpool with Julian Assange and Roman Polanski.
Mike Pence is dreamily writing "President Mike Pence" on his spiral notebook.
Happy St. Patrick's Day. I'm celebrating my family's long history of depression and ineffectual rage.
The Olive Garden is undergoing a makeover in order to win back customers.  Phase one: change their name to ‘Not the Olive Garden."
To avoid a shutdown, the government cut 39 billion dollars from the federal budget.  The good news, the first thing to go…"The Real Housewives of D.C."
The new iPhone software released today allows users to give Siri a male voice. The only problem is, when you ask the male Siri for directions, he just says "I know where I’m going!"
I consider myself a moral person. That's why I only eat turkeys that have exhausted the appeals process.
Last week, police pulled over Gary Busey after they got a tip that he was driving erratically.  Apparently, the tip was, "Gary Busey is driving."
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are teaming up to defund Planned Parenthood. Experts believe it could backfire, since people like Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are the reason there is a Planned Parenthood.
The US government has announced a deal to sell 18 fighter jets to Canada. The jets will help Canada protect itself from its most hated enemy: bad manners.
The new football video game "Madden NFL 25" has a feature that lets you control the career of a player over several seasons. So you can move Tim Tebow to fullback, trade Tony Romo from the Cowboys, or plead "Guilty" for Aaron Hernandez.
In his lifetime, Marco Rubio has identified himself as a Mormon, a Catholic, and a Baptist. Rubio plans to address questions about exactly what his religious beliefs are this Saturday at his Bar Mitzvah.
Last night American Idol premiered with two new judges, one of whom is 62 year old Steven Tyler. Is it me, or is it weird when judges on the Supreme Court are younger than judges on American Idol?
Paris Hilton just released a new single called "Drunk Text." Some people are saying it's just a rip-off of Madonna's 1980's hit song "Booty Fax."
A day after he got angry and trashed their backstage area, "Good Morning America" has invited Chris Brown to come back. This despite all of Good Morning America's best friends, saying, "Don't do it, girl!"
Macy’s has now severed ties with Donald Trump and will no longer carry his menswear collection. It gets worse - Petco will no longer carry his shampoo.
Political experts say that many members of Congress are preparing for a Mike Pence presidency. They’re preparing by binge-watching "The Handmaid’s Tale."
The Supreme Court has halted gay marriages in Utah. The Supreme Court said, "In Utah, marriage is still a sacred bond between a man and his six wives."
In Norway, a boss recently made all of his female employees start wearing red bracelets when they're on their periods so he could regulate their bathroom breaks.  His body has still not been found.
Target has stopped selling hoverboards after reports that they catch fire. Meanwhile at Costco, they’re selling them as the "George Foreman Grill on Wheels."
A lot of people are angry about Sean Spicer’s cameo on last night’s Emmys. They're also not thrilled to hear that Attorney General Jeff Sessions will be hosting the Latin Grammys.
Big national story, once again yet another woman has come forward claiming she did not have sex with me.
A man got a tattoo on his leg of KFC Double Down sandwich. The man wanted to do something he’d regret even more than eating a KFC Double Down sandwich.
Today former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich was found guilty of trying to sell President Obama's Senate seat. As the verdict was read, Blagojevich's face remained expressionless, while his hair remained ridiculous.
In the office football pool, I didn’t have the Jets QB being punched out by a teammate until week two.
In Philadelphia, a Black Friday brawl ended with one woman stun-gunning another. Even worse for the loser of the fight, it was the last half-price stun gun.
IKEA has announced they’re going to come out with furniture that can charge your electronic devices. Next up for IKEA: Furniture that will last more than two years.
After seeing "Black Swan" last night, I no longer think I have what it takes to be a great ballerina.
A cop in New Jersey has been removed from duty after he was caught masturbating in a Starbucks.  He’s also been banned from Starbucks for making his own froth.
The FBI has arrested the man who hacked into Scarlett Johansson's phone and published nude photos of her online.   The man faces up to 3 to 5 years in prison, unless he can hack into Megan Fox's phone.
Smooth jazz musician Kenny G was in Hong Kong showing support for the protesters there. Kenny G played three notes and the Chinese government immediately surrendered to Hong Kong.
In Georgia, a waitress donated a kidney to one of her regular customers who was sick. The customer said, "Thanks but I ordered a liver."
Due to the shutdown, the Statue of Liberty is closed.  So now the only giant woman with no real purpose that you can climb inside is Khloe Kardashian. 
New research predicts that in 65 billion years, the moon will crash into the Earth. After hearing this, half of America said, "Hey can we move that up a bit? How about Wednesday?"
Emma Watson has won MTV’s first ever gender-neutral acting award. That’s right, she won the coveted "Conan."
Yesterday in an interview, President Obama once again called Kanye West "a jackass."  In other words, President Obama's finally found an issue that can bring this country together.
Donald Trump has cancelled a planned trip to Israel. When asked why, Trump said, "They already have a wall and a fear of Muslims. My work there is done."
Yesterday, I returned from Cuba, and then today, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi arrived in Cuba. Which explains why today, the Cuban government asked America to, "Please stop sending us your ambiguously female celebrities."
The Republican Convention decided not to show a hologram of Ronald Reagan for fear it would overshadow Mitt Romney. It's never a good sign when your candidate is in danger of being overshadowed by something that technically doesn't make a shadow.
A new study reveals women are attracted to a man who’s already had a girlfriend or two. Coincidentally, men are also attracted to a woman who’s had a girlfriend or two. 
A new study shows that hurricanes named after women are more deadly.  Mainly because when they leave, they take half your stuff.
Just in case, I start every phone conversation with, “You can hang up now, Rupert Murdoch.”
Donald Trump Jr. is under fire for a tweet in which he compares Syrian refugees to Skittles. On the bright side, after hearing the word "Skittles," Americans finally took an interest in foreign policy.
Hey, Hollywood! Wanna buy my show about two musicians named Lucas Rock and Evan Roll, called "Lucas 'n Evan"?
A new book is coming out in which a former White House staff member reveals there was tension between Bill and Hillary Clinton. The book is called, "Shit Everybody Knows."
A 14 month old girl was playing on her dad’s iPhone and accidentally bought a car on Ebay. By the way, this was the exact same excuse I used when my wife found all the porn on my computer.
Presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee said homosexuality is a lifestyle choice, like drinking and swearing. He said, "The last time I got drunk, I swear I had gay sex."
There are rumors that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's wife is pregnant. The sonogram shows a healthy boy who looks like a 40-year-old lesbian.
A new report shows more U.S. schools are teaching children to speak Chinese. Officials say the first thing they're teaching U.S students to say in Chinese is, "Is it cool if I cheat off of you?"
It’s Mardi Gras. Today is "Fat Tuesday." Or as they call that at America’s waterparks, "Tuesday."
Rush Limbaugh has written an award-winning children's book. The book is called, "The Lion, the Witch and Other Things I Saw While I Was On Oxycontin."
This weekend, President Obama played golf with some friends, and the winner got to ride in the presidential helicopter.  The loser had to ride on a Jetski with Joe Biden.
Mitt Romney is being mocked by many Republicans for going to a fancy French dinner with Donald Trump. It’s also not helping that afterwards, Romney let Trump get to third base.
Not gonna say what I bought, but Amazon just reviewed my order and said, “You might also be interested in therapy.”
In Atlanta, there are 4,000 more females than males. Of course 2,000 of them are Tyler Perry in drag.
Last night during the storm, Tinder went down. Which means people trapped indoors were forced to hang out with the person they married.
Kate Middleton recently announced that she plans to have a natural childbirth. And by natural– she means no drugs, just surrounded by the Queen’s Guards in a golden palace.
Over the weekend, Mitt Romney met Manny Pacquaio just before Pacquaio lost his boxing match to Juan Manual Marquez.  Afterwards, Romney told Pacquaio, "You lost for the same reason I did — young Hispanics."
Ever since Colorado legalized marijuana, the number of pot DUIs has nearly doubled. Even worse, when patrolmen ask "Do you know how fast you were driving?" the person usually answers, "I was driving?"
The Obama Administration's new budget plan calls for saving billions of dollars by selling off federal properties. So folks get ready for the Washington Monument brought to you by Cialis.
Today is Justin Bieber’s 22nd birthday. Man, it’s hard to believe it’s only been one year since he touched his first drop of alcohol…
It's being reported that the next pope could be a Cardinal from Boston. Which means the Vatican may soon endorse birth control but only for Yankees fans.
It’s been reported that after living more than 70 years as an African-American, a woman discovered from a document that she is actually white. The document in question was a ticket to a Mumford & Sons concert.
My Super Bowl tradition? Watching the game at a Hampton Inn with a drifter.
Artifacts found in William Shakespeare’s home suggest that he may have been a marijuana user. Apparently, they found a first draft of one of his plays called "Romeo and Kumar."
There is a new tell-all book coming out about the Kardashians. It contains shocking allegations about them secretly reading books and wearing clothes.
The Olympics has ruled that female beach volleyball players may now wear something that covers them up more than a bikini. The ruling was made after the debut of women's volleyball champion "Bushy Betty."
At this year's Democratic Convention, 8% of the delegates are gay, a historic record. So this will be the first time a Presidential candidate will be nominated by a "show of jazz-hands."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is angry at the US and today said, "Spying among friends cannot be." Then she introduced her chief speechwriter, Yoda.
Dick Cheney said Donald Trump’s comments yesterday go against everything America stands for. Cheney said, "In other words, he’s got my full support."
Jay-Z and Beyoncé are in the news because they’re renting a house in Los Angeles for $150,000 per month. The house was renting for $2,000 per month, until the landlord got a rental application from Jay-Z and Beyoncé.
Former "American Idol" star Clay Aiken lost his election for Congress. Apparently, his supporters thought they could vote by texting Ryan Seacrest.
Some of the most popular baby names of the year are from the HBO show Game of Thrones.  Which explains the popular new girls' name, "Gratuitous Nudity."
Florida passed a bill that allows gun owners to carry concealed weapons during a state of emergency. By the way, a state of emergency in Florida includes hurricanes, earthquakes, and living in Florida.
It’s come out that Donald Trump once made a cameo appearance in a softcore porn movie. Trump’s face was spotted in the porno by an eagle-eyed Bill Clinton.
I wish I had a 3D print of my regrets.
NBA players had threatened to boycott if Donald Sterling wasn’t banned for life.  In fact, the Lakers are so upset, they’ve decided not to play for the rest of the season.
A company has created a bathroom scale that allows you to tweet your weight to your friends.  The company immediately went out of business.
President Trump is hosting Democratic leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer at the White House for dinner. Of course, Pelosi and Schumer may want to be careful because Trump’s wine steward is Arya Stark.
Last night, the New England Patriots lost to the New York Giants in a heartbreaker.  People from Boston haven't been this angry and depressed since every other day of their lives.
Hustler founder Larry Flynt has written a book about the sex lives of U.S. Presidents. Critics say the highlights are the chapter on Jefferson, the chapter on Garfield, and the first 125 chapters on Clinton.
China has banned the release of "Despicable Me 2." Chinese officials said, “Putting small creatures to work in harsh conditions is OUR thing.”
A 104-year-old man just became the oldest person in the world to get their first tattoo. The tattoo says, "Do Not Resuscitate."
New York means a lot to me— I lost my virginity in New York.  It was during my third year of marriage.
It’s been reported that Samsung’s new Smart TVs could be listening to your conversations. The televisions are only listening to us because they too are getting bored with "Downton Abbey."
Ray Rice’s high school has officially cut ties with him. Today his old principal said, "Those are not the values we espouse here at OJ Simpson High."
In an upcoming interview with Fox News' Megyn Kelly, Donald Trump tells her that although they’ve reconciled their feud, "this could happen again." Especially if Megyn Kelly continues to stubbornly insist on being a woman.
Today is the second day of the 40-day Catholic holiday of Lent. You know what I’m giving up this year? The 40-day Catholic holiday of Lent.
It’s being reported that Donald Trump campaign adviser Roger Stone has a tattoo of Richard Nixon across his shoulders. And get this… ladies, he’s single.
The U.S. Coast Guard has found a sunken submarine filled with over seven tons of cocaine.  Sharks are calling it, "Best shark week ever!"
Analysts are speculating that Donald Trump is losing the support of Evangelical Christians. That’s right - people who believe the Earth is only 6,000 years old are starting to think Donald Trump is ridiculous.
In New Mexico, a man was caught trading McDonald's food for sexual favors.  Apparently, the man told his customers, "I'm really lovin' it."
In a new interview, Matthew McConaughey said he doesn’t want the Washington Redskins to change their name. When asked for comment, a spokesman for all Native American tribes said, "I guess that settles it."
At one point during the debate, Mitt Romney put his hand on Rick Perry's shoulder and said "I'm speaking." Later, he put his hand on Newt Gingrich's chest and said, "Are those real?"
Mitch McConnell constantly looks like a kid who just stole all the gum.
Today's the 25th anniversary of "Back to the Future" - The movie that popularized DeLoreans, Flux Capacitors, & almost nailing your own mom.
Alaska Air has announced that it’s purchasing Virgin Airlines for $2.6 billion. It’s the most money ever spent on a virgin since my parents bought me a car after my college graduation.
Last month many residents of Denver Colorado claim they saw a UFO in the sky. Keep in mind, last month Colorado voted to legalize marijuana.
The Egyptian military is asking people who they want to be the next president by using a Facebook poll. So congratulations to Egypt's new leader, President Betty White.
Just now envisioning how weird it would have been for the original patriots to square off against real, actual jets.
Quick question: Why is a flash mob of hipsters and yoga moms called a “farmer’s market?”
A 68-year-old department store Santa Claus was fired after a woman complained that he told a risqué joke.  The woman said, "When I sit on an old man's lap and tell him how naughty I am, I expect to be treated with respect."
This weekend, "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" was the #1 movie at the box office. In other talking ape news, Bravo has renewed "The Real Housewives of New Jersey."
Fox News' commentator Geraldo Rivera says he was "manually raped" by a TSA agent.  Which explains the TSA's new slogan, "Hey, we finally did something right!"
Physically-speaking, I'm like a young Arnold Schwarzenegger. I mean really young, like five or six.
In Virginia recently, a computer crash wiped out a decade's worth of U.S. military data. However, this morning the Chinese government called and said, "No problem, we backed it up."
Over the last few months, Home Depot is reporting record profits.  Home Depot said they'd like to share the profits with their employees but even they can't find them.
One month into legally selling marijuana, Washington state has sold more than $3.8 million worth of weed. Now if they could just remember where they put the money.
Charlie Sheen is angry that Warner Brothers fired him from "Two and a Half Men" via text message.  He said they could've had the common decency to do it via insane, rambling webcast.
At a movie premiere last night, "Harry Potter" star Emma Watson had a near nip-slip. It's the most embarrassing Harry Potter incident since the "Voldemort Sex Tape."
The Mars Curiosity Rover celebrated its fifth year in space by humming "Happy Birthday" to itself. The Rover then drank a bottle of white wine and cried itself to sleep.
In a speech yesterday, Donald Trump praised Saddam Hussein for killing terrorists. He also said Hitler was a wonderful dancer and Stalin made a great omelette.
A hotel in New York City now offers a plastic surgery recovery package. Basically, it’s a place for people to relax after they’ve seen Bruce Jenner up close.
President Obama has officially joined Twitter. Just what we needed, another place Republicans can block Obama.
In Ohio, a student took his great-grandmother to the prom because she never went to her own. Also, he’s a loser.
This morning, President Trump made three inaccurate statements in one tweet. Or as Trump called it, "My personal best."
Today, 15 new features were revealed about the upcoming iPhone 8. The biggest new feature is the battery that only lasts until the announcement of the iPhone 9.
People are wondering if Selena Gomez called ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber a "douchebag" in her new song.  It's the song called, "Justin Bieber is a Douchebag."
People are referring to Mitt Romney’s possible presidential run as Mitt 3.0. Coincidentally, Mitt 3.0 is also the name of Romney’s third son. He’s a toaster oven with nice hair.
In New York, a booze cruise ran aground near the Statue of Liberty. If you think about it, that’s basically how my people came to America.
After a judge’s ruling, gay marriage is now legal in Pennsylvania. So today, a lot of Amish men were raising something other than a barn. 
Sometimes I think the bulk packages at Costco are too large. Who needs 12 condoms?!
Today, Donald Trump told an African-American audience "black churches are the conscience of our country." In response, the crowd said "yes, that’s why we’re not voting for you."
Major League Baseball said that Friday, it will announce which players it’s penalizing for steroid use. So far, the rumor is “all of them.”
I think the AAA Motor Club is really a cult that lures people in with friendly service, reasonable rates, and convenient locations.
A woman has published a novel that she wrote entirely on her Blackberry. The novel is called, "I Wish You Were An iPhone."
A golf course owned by Donald Trump is no longer being considered to host a major golf tournament due to remarks that Trump has made about Mexicans and Muslims. You know there’s a problem when your views on race are too extreme for a private golf club.
A UN report says the world can be saved from destruction through veganism. So that’s not happening.
It was announced today that Kelly Ripa’s new co-host will be Ryan Seacrest. Seacrest was relieved and he said those 20 minutes he wasn’t on television were the scariest of his life.
It's being reported that Adele may perform at the Olympic closing ceremony. It should be pretty emotional and stirring, because a few years ago, the Olympics broke up with her.
In London, there's a new service that delivers the morning-after pill to your home by bicycle messenger. And, to make sure you don't regret your decision, the pills will be delivered by kids who are obnoxious jerks.
Russia ended up with the most gold medals at the Sochi Olympics. Russian athletes said, "We played like our lives were on the line, because our lives were on the line."
In Spain, someone opened a 5 star resort for dogs. When asked how they heard about the resort, most dogs said, "Yelp."
Ted Cruz has jumped ahead of Donald Trump in the latest Iowa poll. The poll was called "Who’s crazier?"
Olympic organizers are reportedly struggling to fill rows and rows of empty seats. In fact, yesterday, officials put out a casting call asking for 200 Europeans, or 8 Americans.
According to the latest research, sex during pregnancy is almost always safe. Unless your wife comes home and catches you.
This weekend, an Australian man was arrested for driving a motorized beer cooler while intoxicated. The man was detained by police, and then made Prime Minister of Australia.
An Australian woman has gone on 136 first dates in 17 months, but never a second date. In other words, she looks nothing like her Tinder profile picture.
A new study shows that 30 million Chinese citizens live in caves. A spokesperson for the citizens said, "Hey—it beats making iPads."
A fraternity at Hofstra University is in trouble for a hazing ritual that included putting hot sauce on a pledge’s genitals. The hot sauce was so hot that the guy is now pledging a sorority.
Borders books filed for bankruptcy. How do you sleep at night, Angry Birds?
For the first time ever, a dog climbed Mt. Everest. In a related story, the dog’s walker wants a raise.
President Obama is on a bus tour of the Midwest to talk about jobs, and apparently, the bus he's riding was made in Canada.  That's so unpatriotic—if he was a real American that bus would have been made in China.
Senior citizens are now catching STDs at a record rate.  Now old guys are getting up in the middle of the night to scream while they pee.
"Game of Thrones" Spoiler Alert: Last night's episode contained violence and some nudity.
Today, Broncos star Quarterback Peyton Manning retired. Manning thanked his wife, his kids, and the most influential man in his life, Papa John.
It’s been reported that the biggest currency in prison now is not cigarettes, but ramen. Just make sure to clarify the next time your cellmate asks to hold your noodle package.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford’s reality show has been cancelled after one episode.  See, that’s the difference between the US and Canada — in America, when someone goes off the rails, we renew their reality show. 
The CEO of Lego will be replaced next year. The new CEO’s head is being snapped on as we speak.
In a new interview, Lady Gaga says that what she is looking for in a man are a degree from Harvard and a huge penis.  Lady Gaga, as a Harvard grad, I have to tell you, it's either one or the other.
Marco Rubio announced a new bill that would require immigrants to learn English to become citizens. Many Americans already say it’s the goodest news they has heard all year.
The author of "The Hunger Games" is coming out with a new book for young children. It's called "Horton Hears A Who, And Then Murders It With a Crossbow"
Tyler Perry has confirmed he's going to be a father. Then he announced the baby’s name will be, "Tyler Perry’s Tyler Perry Jr."
In Austria, a new Arnold Schwarzenegger museum has opened up. Actually, two opened up, but no one knows about the second one.
One sign the economy’s picking up: It’s reportedly just recently gotten "less hard out there for a pimp."
I demand a 5-hour energy drink where I choose when and how much energy to dole out, over the course of a century.
A young violinist from Lithuania played violin for three hours while she was undergoing brain surgery. Man, those are some strict parents.
Tonight is our one year anniversary at TBS.  So tonight, we're going to do something we've never done before—tonight we're going to try.
Kirstie Alley has advocated violence against the paparazzi. In response, the Paparazzi promised to leave her alone, effective 15 years ago.
A 16 year-old Wichita high school student is running for governor of Kansas. The teenager’s two campaign promises are to address health care and get to second base with Ashley in Trigonometry.
NBC executives say if Donald Trump does decide to run for president, they will not renew "The Apprentice" So, some good may come of this.
In an interview yesterday, Madonna said she's "nervous" about performing at the Super Bowl. She's also not happy that they're calling it the "Scary Cougar Half Time Show."
A 9-year-old African-American girl was nominated for an Oscar. How good is she? She played the title role in "Lincoln."
An Italian runner has been accused of using a fake penis to pass a urine test. Authorities grew suspicious when the runner whipped out her penis.
The big Republican debate is happening tonight. Political analysts say that Donald Trump’s game plan is to "wing it" and see what happens. It’s the same game plan used by his barber.
Bernie Sanders is reportedly going to endorse Hillary Clinton next week. Bernie said, "I was going to do it sooner but I thought I’d wait 'til everyone hated me."
A woman participated in the Reddit Secret Santa toy exchange and her Secret Santa turned out to be Bill Gates. She’s now enjoying her Christmas gift, the country of Belgium.
At this weekend's annual Consumer Electronics Show, one of the big attractions was 3-D television sets. Apparently, it's the first time the people on "Jersey Shore" showed any depth.
Rand Paul is an ophthalmologist who supports legalizing marijuana, making him the only candidate pro 20/20 and 4/20.
For today only, Google Glass is available to the public for the price of $1,500. It’s the perfect gift for anyone who thinks their Bluetooth headset isn’t douchey enough.
At a campaign rally, Donald Trump said he would "bomb the shit" out of ISIS. It’s all part of his new campaign slogan, "Donald Trump: The Drunk Guy Next To You At the Sports Bar."
According to a new report, Charlie Sheen is planning a road show, and he wants it to be "pro-women."  Of course, any woman performing with Charlie Sheen is likely to be a "pro."
Rick Santorum picked up an endorsement from the lead singer of the heavy metal band Megadeth.   In other words, Santorum is the only candidate who is both pro-life and pro-Megadeth. 
The Obama administration plans to give the Libyan rebels $25 million in non-lethal aid. The rebels said they can't wait to begin a new offensive armed with SuperSoakers and T-shirt cannons.
Due to civil unrest in Baltimore, tomorrow’s game between the Orioles and the White Sox will be played to an empty stadium. When asked for comment, players on the Milwaukee Brewers said, "You get use to it."
A woman in Virginia got nearly 600 calls after C-SPAN accidentally posted her number on the air. In response, the head of C-SPAN said, "Wait we have 600 viewers?"
A woman has named her baby Uber after giving birth in an Uber on the way to the hospital. Frankly, I’m more interested in hearing about birth of her first child, Unicycle.
Anderson Cooper announced the name of his new talk show is, "Anderson." I think I speak for everyone here on the staff of "Conan" when I say, "God, what an ego!"
A Fox News host is under fire for using an offensive term towards Chinese people. It didn’t help that in his defense he said, "Me play joke."
The working title of my autobiography is "Sex Karate Maximum: Overdrive To Glory."
This weekend, Kim Kardashian posted a naked selfie, and yesterday, Sharon Osbourne got inspired and posted a naked selfie. That explains why today, authorities shut down Barbara Walters' internet service.
It’s been reported that O.J. Simpson could be released from prison this year. When he heard this, Donald Trump said, "Finally someone to play golf with."
This weekend, President Obama and Speaker John Boehner partnered up on the golf course. Spectators said it was great to look out on the course and see a person of color playing golf with the President of the United States.
Hugh Hefner had a picture taken of himself "planking" on a wood table, and friends who saw the photo were afraid he was dead.  Everyone else was just shocked at the sight of a Hugh Hefner photo containing wood.
My wife is out of town for a few days. When the cat's away, the mice will watch "G String Divas."
This summer, camp counselors all over the country will shine flashlights under their chins and read the headlines.
I’m pretty sure I saw this department store Santa in an old episode of "Dateline."
ABC News reports that Gaddafi had a crush on former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice and even owned a photo album devoted exclusively to her.  Rice told him she was flattered but she's still trying to work things out with Kim Jong Il. 
Time Magazine has named its 100 Most Influential People. Actually, it's just a list of the 100 people who still subscribe to Time Magazine.
Pope Francis announced that next year he’s coming to the US. Or as FOX News is reporting it, "Obama lets in yet another guy from South America."
In his final State of the Union Address, President Obama said the United States should not be the world’s "policeman." He said, "at most, we should be its high school drop-out security guard."
The only time I regret having three cats is fairly often.
I’m grateful for those Kim Kardashian nude photos, because they reminded me to check my car’s oil.
A strip club in New York City has a Christmas-themed window display. It’s the only place you can see Santa telling the person on his lap what he wants.
In Pennsylvania, a burglar broke into 3 homes and performed oral sex on three sleeping men.  Charges are being pressed by no one.
Today, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg met with Pope Francis at the Vatican. The first thing the Pope told him was "Get these goddamn baby pics off of my feed."
Dennis Quaid said his biggest mistake was cocaine. Or, as Randy Quaid calls it, "mistake #479."
Sunday was daylight savings time, when we lose an hour for no apparent reason. And, by the way, "losing an hour for no apparent reason" is also the motto for this show.
According to new reports, Osama bin Laden would often sit around his compound watching old videos of himself.  Even stranger was that he would do so while listening to Green Day's "Time of Your Life."
Since General Petraeus had an affair with his biographer, people are snapping up copies of the book.  The book is available in hard cover and extremely hard cover.
It’s been a few years, so I’m just wondering: is it still hard out there for a pimp?
The season premiere of "The Walking Dead" brought in a record-breaking 16 million viewers. In a related story, tonight, I’m going to eat Andy’s brain.
McDonald's has introduced a yolk-free Egg McMuffin that's only 260 calories.  After hearing this, every McDonald's customer said, "Sweet – I'll have 6 of them."
It's official: Prince William and Kate Middleton are expecting. They don't know whether it's going to be a boy or a girl, but they do know it's not going to work a day in its life.
Due to recent sexual misconduct in the military, Senator John McCain is suggesting women avoid serving altogether. McCain added, “And if they really want to play it safe, they might also want to stop working and voting.”
The leader of England's Brexit movement spoke at a Trump rally and he said, "I wouldn't vote for Clinton if you paid me." So in other words, Hillary has lost the critical PEOPLE-WHO-LIVE-IN-ENGLAND vote.
In Ohio, a 106 year old woman is finally about to get her high school diploma. Which means next month, she'll start visiting colleges with her parents.
Donald Trump’s campaign sent Marco Rubio 24 bottles of water because according to Trump, Rubio is "always sweating." In response, Rubio’s campaign sent Trump some water and vinegar because Trump is always a douche.
Subway has surpassed McDonald's to become the world’s largest restaurant chain. If you thought Jared was an unbearable prick before...
A woman in Oregon who was hospitalized for E.coli after eating Chipotle is suing the company for free Chipotle. It’s all part of Oregon’s "right to die" law.
I just found out I’m being audited. I don’t remember joining the Tea Party.
Donald Trump has named 72-year-old Rudy Giuliani to be his adviser on cybersecurity. Trump explained, "I’m not up to speed on the latest technology, so I wanted to get somebody two years older."
Yesterday, Vice President Joe Biden said the killing of Osama bin Laden was the most audacious plan in the last 500 years. Biden then unveiled his new line of steak knives and said, "Until now!"
"Batman V Superman" - it’s hard for me to pick a side. That’s because I consider myself "Batman in the streets, Superman in the sheets."
Today, there was a call between Russian President Vladimir Putin and President Trump. The call was all part of Putin’s annual employee review.
Adele won five Grammys while Beyoncé only won two. And if that weren’t enough, Adele then announced she was pregnant with triplets.
Yesterday, the Los Angeles City Council voted to shut down all of LA's medical marijuana dispensaries. So, I guess no one in Los Angeles will ever smoke pot again.
Today at the Winter Olympics, temperatures reached almost up to 60 degrees. In other words, the only thing higher than the temperature were the U.S snowboarders.
Kris Jenner now says she feels like her time with Bruce Jenner "didn't exist." She said, "If only there were some visual record of our family life together."
Yesterday, the Dalai Lama said he loves George W. Bush as a person, but not as a president. When asked for comment, George W. Bush said, "I love him as a Dalai, but not as a llama."
Tomorrow is International Women's Day. Or as Rush Limbaugh calls it, Slutsapalooza.
China in an effort to shed positive light on their leader, Hu Jintao, showed a flattering video of him in New York's Times Square.  Apparently, it worked because today, Jintao was adopted by a lesbian couple on the upper west side.
Hostess is bringing back the chocolate covered Twinkie. Anyone looking to eat healthy should just stick to the regular Twinkie.
Later this week, NASA is testing an aircraft that is shaped like a flying saucer and they’re sending it over Hawaii. Just for fun, nobody tell Hawaii. 
Fears of the Zika virus will probably keep me from watching the Olympic men's tennis doubles.
Due to the budget impasse, the federal government may shut down by the end of the week. That's right, there'll be another season of Jersey Shore, but the US government—still up in the air.
President Obama is traveling the country, and he spent last night in Las Vegas. This morning, he woke up on his hotel room floor trying to figure out what to do about a tiger, a baby, and 9% unemployment.
In Argentina, an entire trove of Nazi artifacts has been found hidden in a house. You can see the whole thing on the new reality show, "Nazi Hoarders."
A new study found that, in America, cocaine, heroin and marijuana are cheaper now than they’ve been in decades. So in your face, China.
Tonight, President Obama will make a prime time speech about how we’re going to deal with violent extremists and their sickening behavior. And when he’s done talking about the NFL, he’ll address ISIS.
He's okay now, but in Wisconsin, a man had sex with a woman who claimed to be a werewolf and she stabbed him 300 times.  Afterwards, the man said he thought the date went "pretty well."
People are mad at President Trump for meeting with Native American leaders in front of a portrait of anti-Native American president Andrew Jackson. Even worse, today President Trump met with Hispanic leaders in front of a portrait of President Trump.
In Florida two women stole $400 worth of wine from a liquor store by shoving the wine up their skirts.  The wine has been recovered but the corks are still missing. 
A poultry manufacturer has recalled over a half million pounds of chicken believed to contain pieces of metal. But first they tried to sell the pieces to McDonald’s as "Magnetic McNuggets."
Over the weekend in Iowa, Hillary Clinton told a crowd, "I’m baaaack!" Out of habit Bill Clinton grabbed his shoes and jumped out the nearest window.
At a California county fair, a 91-year-old grandmother celebrated her birthday by bungee-jumping. The grandmother said she wasn't scared because down at the bottom, ready to break her fall, were her breasts.
NASA has announced a plan to lasso an asteroid and bring it closer to Earth. This is according to the head of NASA— a six year old boy.
All of the Chilean miners have now been rescued. Geologists say the mine is now also a rich source of “man-stank."
The Chinese Communist Party has banned golf, gluttony, excessive drinking, and adultery. Hey, if you guys don’t want American tourists just say so.
Former Congressman Anthony Weiner is reportedly involved in choosing his successor. Apparently the first question he asks his potential replacements is "What's the difference between ‘reply' and ‘reply all?'"
It's been reported that tickets to President Obama's inauguration are being scalped on Craigslist for $2000.00. If you're interested, send an email to VicePrezJoeB@gmail.com.
Ford is releasing a new car that’s gonna force drivers to drive at the speed limit. So guys, get ready for the 2016 Ford Buzzkill.
Now that he’s the Republican nominee, Donald Trump is searching for a qualified running mate. When asked why, Trump said, "Opposites attract."
The charity organization Oxfam is renting out President Trump’s childhood home to refugees. It’s pretty cool, they’ve already rented out a room to a refugee on the run named "Melania."
A doctor just announced that he has, at long last, found the female G-spot.  However, as he made the announcement at the press conference, his wife stood behind him shaking her head "no."
Starbucks is opening its first stores in the nation of Colombia. Finally someone is bringing coffee to Colombia.
In Florida, a man recently received a lifetime ban from Wal-Mart because he was caught masturbating inside the store. A spokesman for Wal-Mart is calling him their "worst greeter ever."
The man who helped create the text message has passed away. His final text was YOLO with a frowny face.
Apple has pushed back the shipping date for the new iPhone 5.  They say don't worry though—  it should be delivered the day before they unveil the iPhone 6.
Donald Trump bragged that he once screwed Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi on a real estate deal. Then he said, "And you wouldn't BELIEVE the piece of crap Datsun I unloaded on Bin Laden!"
In an interview yesterday, Mitt Romney said that he has worn a garbage bag as rain gear. Romney said it was easy—all he had to do was dump out the 100 bills and throw the bag over his head.
Burger King restaurants in China released a new beverage called the PooPoo Smoothie. Don’t worry, in China "PooPoo" just means "Terrible Name for a Drink."
In Ireland, the government is asking unemployed people to leave the country. But before they go, they should settle up with the bartender.
Rush Limbaugh said that lesbians don't have to worry about their appearance, so they are free to get fat. Then, moments later, Rush Limbaugh officially came out as a lesbian.
I am not doing well at Fantasy Football, mainly because my starting quarterback is Patricia Heaton.
Call me old-fashioned, but I still prefer the original mannequin challenge: 24 hours in the window of a Sears without alerting security.
In New Jersey, Democrats fear the Republican Governor Chris Christie will be impossible to beat.  It's unclear if they are talking about the 2013 governor's race or the Coney Island Hot Dog Eating Contest. 
German police are hunting a pair of robbers who hypnotized a woman before stealing her jewelry. When police asked the hypnotized woman for a statement, she said, "Bock, bock, bock!"
In Australia, a couple is getting married inside an IKEA store. Which means their marriage will likely fall apart in two years.
Kate Middleton and Prince William are expecting the baby any minute now.  The royals say they don’t care what gender it is- as long as it’s healthy enough to never work a day in its life.
President Trump has decided not to take part in the traditional presidential Super Bowl interview. Apparently, Trump is worried he might not pass the NFL’s concussion protocol.
A survey found that the most popular first date destination is Starbucks. The survey reveals there isn’t a second date if the guy says, "Grande, I’ll show you a grande."
It’s come out that thousands of Americans are actually taking medications that were prescribed to their pets. It works, just the other day, I brought my dog to the vet and complained, "He can’t get an erection."
A man in Australia was hospitalized after a venomous spider bit his penis. The man told doctors to treat the poison but leave the swelling.
A new study found that people who watch a lot of porn have smaller brains. So now we know why the plots are always so simple.
Today, Donald Trump issued a new travel ban that is less restrictive than his first one. This one bans some Muslims and all women who haven't been able to lose the baby weight.
A former Navy SEAL has a book out that claims Osama Bin Laden was unarmed when he was shot. The book is called, "Who Cares, He's Dead."
Pope Francis lashed out against the "material slavery" of Christmastime consumerism. Unfortunately, no one heard the rest of the Pope’s speech, because he was trampled in the PlayStation aisle of a Walmart.
In financial news, the Dow Jones is down for the fifth day in a row. When asked for comment, GOP frontrunner Mitt Romney said, "Don't worry America—all my money's in Switzerland."
Yesterday was President Obama’s 53rd birthday. He made a wish, blew out the candles on his cake, and then said, "Damn, I’m still president." His age is now higher than his approval rating.
For the millions who are disappointed for Hillary, remember, America has a special place for people who lose. Ironically, it’s the cast of "Celebrity Apprentice."
Today is Martin Luther King Jr. Day. It’s a very important day, it’s the day where the struggle for racial equality is remembered by all Americans and snubbed by the Oscar committee.
It’s been revealed that dogs can tell time with their noses. But sadly, it’s always ass o’clock.
Three Supreme Court Justices Samuel Alito, Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas did not attend tonight's State of the Union address.  Taking their place was Steven Tyler, Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson.
Can’t believe I didn’t get a Grammy nomination for my jazz album, "Ginger Odysseys, Vol. 9."
In London, athletes at the Olympics are being issues 15 condoms each. So now every athlete's dream is to return home with a gold medal and no condoms.
The NFL is warning Arizona that if they approve a bill that discriminates against gays, they may not get to host the 2015 Super Bowl. And it may also hurt Arizona’s chances of  hosting the Tony Awards.
Lindsay Lohan is going to make a guest appearance on the show "Glee." Lohan will play a student that all the other students suspect is a 45 year old narc.
In Southern California, residents can get up to $100 if they use rain barrels to catch extra rainwater. Experts say it’s a great way to make money, two days a year.
Google is reportedly looking to open a chain of retail stores.  This would allow you to walk into a store and actually ask a salesman for "hot Asian booty action." 
Tonight is my 3,000th show. That means this is the three thousandth time I've said ‘We've got a great show tonight,' without really meaning it.
In Germany, a man has taken a woman to court claiming she tried to smother him with her breasts.  The man is asking for $20,000 or for the woman to do it again.
Italy has released a video that’s aimed at ending offensive Italian stereotypes. I’m not sure the video is going to work, because it’s hosted by the Super Mario Brothers.
An amusement park has opened in Mexico and one of its rides is a fake border crossing. The ride begins in a fake Tijuana and ends outside a real Home Depot.
During a recent speech, presidential candidate Jon Huntsman said, "We are in a deep funk as a people." What's even sadder is that he gave the speech at 2 in the morning sitting alone at a booth in Applebee's.
Major League Baseball announced today Alex Rodriguez has been suspended for 211 games. So if you’re familiar with the major league baseball schedule, it means he’ll be out for about a month.
Scientists recently determined that if the entire world’s ice melted, Florida would be under water. Of course, there could also be some negative consequences.
Mitt Romney is going to meet President Obama at the White House tomorrow.  And after 3 weeks of dealing with the Benghazi scandal & the Fiscal Cliff, Obama's prepared to offer him a position in the administration – President of the United States.
Michael Douglas is now denying that oral sex caused his throat cancer. Meanwhile, all his former girlfriends are denying his oral sex caused anything.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has now officially reversed his opposition to Obamacare. Of course, safety regulations require that whenever Chris Christie reverses himself, he must go "BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP!"
This weekend Oprah Winfrey held a yard sale, selling 30 years’ worth of personal items.  Long story short, I now own a bathrobe with the name "Stedman" on it.  And for 35 dollars, I bought Dr. Phil.
In Dubai, plans are underway for a "Hunger Games" theme park. It’s an interesting park, you show up with your kids and you leave without them.
According to a poll, 90% of Bernie Sanders supporters plan to vote for Hillary Clinton in November. The other 10% plan to put their hand down the sink and then turn on the disposal.
This past weekend, famous physicist Stephen Hawking said there is no heaven and people who believe there is believe in fairy tales. Guests say it was the most awkward wedding toast ever.
In Indonesia, to help working mothers, a company is providing breast milk couriers. What happens is the courier takes the milk from the factory where the mother works and delivers it to the factory where the baby works. 
It was reported that in the weeks leading up to his death, Osama bin Laden had trouble controlling the squabbling among his three wives.  In fact, when Seal Team 6 kicked down the door, bin Laden said, "Thank God, you're here."
After being asked for weeks, Donald Trump still has not said specifically what he would do as president. Trump apologized, saying, "When I announced I was running for president, I had no idea people would take me seriously."
New research suggests that chimpanzees have the ability to cook, and even plan meals. Then someone explained that’s not a chimp, that’s Guy Fieri.
According to a professor at Stanford, playing video games and watching porn will lead to the demise of the male species. Isn't that amazing— I had no idea my mother was a professor at Stanford.
What am I thankful for? My family, friends, a fulfilling career...soup...the 140-character limit that keeps me from having to continue.
Bill Clinton will travel to Zurich next week to present reasons why the United States should host the 2022 World Cup. At least that's what he told Hillary.
I hate the paparazzi, always photographing me when I’m with my family or searching through Nick Jonas’ trash.
It's been reported that Jets Quarterback Mark Sanchez is dating a girl in high school. So this definitely not the guy you want to hear say, "I'm going to Disneyland!"
Mitt Romney said he isn't too rich to relate to average Americans. He said, "Just because I own six houses doesn't mean I can't relate to someone who only owns three."
Last night, NASA broadcast live footage of their rover making its dramatic landing on Mars. Then 8 hours later, NBC showed it.
My baloney has a first name. It's Jeff. Think I need to switch brands.
Kirstie Alley announced she's selling her mansion in Maine.  In other words, today is the greatest day ever if you're a lobster.
Today, voters in California voted on whether actors in porn films have to wear condoms. I'm sorry, but I thought our forefathers decided this 200 years ago.
A passenger flying on Delta Airlines tried to open the emergency exit door mid-flight. Experts say if he'd gotten the door open, he'd have been the first ever Delta passenger to make a connection on time.
McDonald’s plans to open its first restaurant in Vietnam.  So, looks like we might win that war after all.
President Obama's half-brother ran for political office in Kenya, lost, and has claimed electoral fraud. Or as Fox News abbreviated the story: "Obama… Kenya… fraud."
Snapchat is in court, fighting for the right of voters to take a selfie in the voting booth. Ladies and gentlemen if this law passes, we’re three years away from voting by dick pic.
At a daycare center in Michigan, police are saying that a small bag of marijuana was found in a baby’s diaper. When asked to comment, the baby said, "Hey, I was just holdin’ that for a friend."
Yesterday, thousands of people took part in National Voter Registration Day. A spokesman for the event said: "It’s amazing how motivated people are when they’re scared shitless."
In an interview with "Rolling Stone" magazine, Jersey Shore star Snooki says she thinks the show makes her look bad.  Snooki blames it on the fact the show has a camera and microphones.
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day. I don't want to spoil the surprise I have planned for my wife, but it's going to end with me saying those special words, "What? I thought you liked that."
Today Lance Armstrong was formally stripped of his seven Tour de France titles due to the doping scandal. On the plus side, he did just receive a Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
The NFL Network's singing football is so cute! Oh wait that's Cee Lo.
Somebody in the White House used a fake Twitter account to send out hundreds of anti-Obama tweets. The account was immediately shut down, and Malia has been grounded.
In an interview with Barbara Walters, Oprah Winfrey said she is "not even kind of a lesbian."  It was an awkward moment, because it was in response to the question, "How was your flight?"
Today, President Obama hosted a White House picnic for Congress. There was an awkward moment when Congressman Weiner showed up and tried to enter the 3 legged race alone.
Lean Cuisine has recalled some of their frozen dinners because they may contain shards of glass.   It's too bad, because people were really losing weight with those.
Members of Bernie Sanders' campaign staff say they regret not reaching out to black voters earlier. They also regret that, when they did reach out to black voters, it was to ask if they could touch their hair.
Yesterday a Marilyn Monroe chest x-ray sold for $45,000. Meanwhile, my Dr's note saying I have a mild case of shingles just sits on e-Bay.
A new book claims that for Donald Trump, the four basic food groups are "McDonald's, KFC, pizza and Diet Coke." When they heard, the American people were outraged and said, "DIET Coke?"
Snooki is going to be on the new season of Dancing With The Stars. Question: Can Time Warner get into a fight with ABC this Fall?
Tomorrow, President Obama is welcoming the President of China to a White House State Dinner. Hope the President of China likes leftover Pope food!
Researchers are using the video game "Grand Theft Auto" to teach self-driving cars how to drive. In a related story, two Google cars were just arrested for beating up a hooker.
At a high school in Texas, a male cheerleader was kicked off the team for kissing another boy. The teen explained the kiss to his principal by saying, "I'm a male cheerleader." 
In Italy, a nun gave birth. She's claiming she has no idea how she got pregnant. Today the Vatican said, "Lady, that excuse worked ONCE."
It's come out that in the days before the Comey firing, Donald Trump would often scream at cable TV. He would usually yell, "YOU'RE not the Cake Boss - I'M the Cake Boss!"
Over the weekend, Bill and Hillary Clinton became grandparents. Reportedly, Bill is already helping out:  changing diapers, singing the baby lullabies, and personally interviewing thousands of nannies.
It's being reported that Google and Yahoo are in serious talks to buy Hulu. I don't have a joke here, I just wanted to confuse my mother.
The State Department released a list of the gifts President Obama has received from foreign officials. Vladimir Putin gave Obama Vodka, Prince Charles gave him golf bags, and Kim Jong-un re-gifted Dennis Rodman.
A former speechwriter of John McCain said Donald Trump has an unstable personality. This is coming from the guy who wrote the words, "please welcome my running mate, Sarah Palin."
The members of Duck Dynasty are releasing their own brand of wines. Wine experts are reminding people, it’s RED wine with varmint, WHITE with critters.
The CDC says its graphic anti-smoking TV ads have helped over 200,000 people to quit. Not quit smoking—quit watching television.
From now on, rather than a gendered pronoun, I would like to be referred to as the elusive fifth flavor 
umami."
Last night I was visited by a ghost who claimed he had "unfinished business." Turns out he just needed something notarized.
Bill O’Reilly may be gone from television but he is launching a subscription podcast. That’s right - for just $4.95 a month, you get to listen to O'Reilly’s trademark commentary with the added bonus of wondering if he’s masturbating.
I was going to go trick-or-treating last night, but I couldn't decide which costume to wear. It was either "Harry Potter" or "Slutty Wolf Blitzer."
Every once in a while, just for fun, I mail an Eviction Notice to Warren Buffett.
At a restaurant in Philadelphia, Taylor Swift left the waiter a $500 tip and two tickets to her concert.  Unfortunately, he still broke up with her.
She's fine now but during a recent concert Lady Gaga fell off her piano and landed on her head.  You can tell Lady Gaga was a little dazed afterwards because she said, "Why the hell am I wearing meat?"
A California school district has stopped using a sex-ed textbook because it discusses vibrators. This came after complains that students were up all night cramming.
In order to justify eating veal, I just pretend the calf was funnier than me.
In Iowa this weekend, a woman gave birth to a 13 pound baby. Apparently, it's the heaviest baby born in Iowa since the last baby born in Iowa.
A new study shows that current members of Congress speak at a tenth grade level. When reached for comment, House Majority leader Eric Cantor said, "Nuh-uh!"
There is a new bike lock that prevents theft by releasing a gas that makes a robber throw up if they cut the lock. So, the good news is: your bike wasn’t stolen. The bad news: it’s covered in robber vomit.
According to the 25th Amendment, if the President is incapacitated, the Vice President becomes the executive producer of "The Apprentice."
A theater in Chicago is staging a version of Charles Dickens's "A Christmas Carol" starring Klingons from Star Trek. The show honors the true meaning of Christmas because the audience is full of virgins.
I wonder if sales of Butterball turkeys would be as high if they'd used the name MargarineOrb.
The '80s rock band Twisted Sister has said Donald Trump can use their song "We’re Not Gonna Take It." Meanwhile, Ben Carson has not heard back from Motley Crue regarding "Dr. Feelgood."
A new poll shows Bill Clinton is the most admired president of the last 25 years. When asked for comment, Bill Clinton said, "I’ll give you a poll to admire." 
Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler are quitting American Idol. Apparently, Lopez want to focus on her music and Tyler plans to star in a remake of "The Golden Girls."
A storm hit the east coast yesterday leaving 300,000 people in the Washington D.C. area without power.  The 300,000 people without power in Washington are called "Democrats." 
It’s so cold, Miley Cyrus licked a hammer & her tongue got stuck to it.
One of the highlights of last night's Oscars was a presentation by 94-year-old Kirk Douglas.  Of course, when the telecast began when he was only 89.
Over the weekend, former Vice President Dick Cheney received a heart transplant. The new heart is working so well, that Cheney's already gone to Whoville and returned all their Christmas presents.
The FDA is planning to prohibit anyone under the age of 18 from using e-cigarettes. The head of the FDA said, "It’s not for health reasons, they just make you look so douchey."
Kim, Khloe, and Kourtney Kardashian are publishing a novel based on their lives.  It's called "A Tale of Six Titties."
Yesterday, the International Olympic Committee decided to drop Greco-Roman wrestling from the Olympics.  The explanation— Who needs Greco Roman wrestling when there's gay porn on the Internet.
Details have come out about "60 Minutes" correspondent Steve Kroft’s extramarital affair - some people are speculating his career could be over at 69. Or because of 69.
A new study shows 88% of people disapprove of texting while walking. The other 12% have been killed.
The Obama Administration has decided that the photos of Osama bin Laden taken after his death must be kept from public view.  Then they said the same thing about Nancy Grace's "nip-slip" on "Dancing with the Stars."
Both the US and German teams have very good goalies, so many are predicting a very low scoring game. So don’t expect to see one of those 1-0 blowouts.
In Russia, there was a 125-mile traffic jam that had drivers stuck in traffic for over 3 days. Here in Los Angeles, that's known as "Friday."
The FDA is recommending that birth control pills be given more appropriate labels. The FDA is especially unhappy with the pills that are labeled "Unprotected Sex Skittles."
In Japan, the oldest man in recorded history has died. He is survived by 14 grandchildren, 25 great grandchildren, and his college roommate, Larry King.
Last year, Taco Bell sold over one million Doritos Locos Tacos a day. Other companies took notice and now the new Blackberry is coming out in a tasty Dorito shell.
Qatar will be hosting the World Cup, and people are saying that, from overhead, their brand new soccer stadium looks like a vagina.  Either that or the guys in the Space Station are just very lonely.
I hate it when adults try to relate to youth using slang. Guess that’s what makes me a woke bae.
South Carolina and Mississippi are on the verge of taking down their state capitols' Confederate flags. Here’s the surprising part: they’re doing it just because Taylor Swift told them to.
Hillary Clinton said that Donald Trump’s anti-Muslim rhetoric is actually helping ISIS recruit more fighters. To which Trump responded, "See, I’m already creating jobs."
During the GOP debate last night, Michele Bachmann playfully slapped Newt Gingrich on the wrist. In a related story, Newt Gingrich has just left his third wife for Michele Bachmann.
The US is accusing Chinese military officials of spying. When asked why they did it, the Chinese officials said, "It’s payback for all the times your students cheated off the Asian kid."
Earlier today on the campaign trail, Ron Paul said that he does not like his milk homogenized.  After hearing this, Rick Perry said, "I am also not a fan of gay milk."
A website has posted several photos of retired Playboy bunnies who are now in their 60s. Of course, to see their entire breasts, you'll just need to keep scrolling down.   
The Golden Corral restaurant chain is being accused of unsanitary conditions after video surfaced of stacks of food near a dumpster. Today, a spokesman for the Golden Corral said, “You want fancy? Go to Arby’s!”
Across the country, thousands of fast food workers went on strike. The people who work behind the counter said they want higher wages - and the drive-thru workers, well no one could understand what the hell they said.
Today, the Mars Rover broadcast a song by the Black Eyed Peas' Will i.am.  So there you have it, Mars really is un-inhabitable.
This week, a group of activists known as Anonymous hacked the Twitter account of the KKK. The KKK is furious and they said Anonymous is a bunch of cowards who don’t have the courage to show their face.
In Ohio, a high school has refused to let a student wear a shirt that says, "Jesus is Not a Homophobe." But they're cool with his baseball cap that says "Buddha Digs Fat Chicks."
President Obama now has a personal Facebook page where he says he wants to have real conversations about issues. In other words, he’s new to Facebook.
Almost everyone who is employed at the FCC is not at work today. So who’s up for an all-nude episode of CONAN?
Kid Rock has condemned NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick for his protest. Man, I hope this doesn’t alienate Kid Rock’s African-American fan base.
This week, South Korean Rapper Psy released a follow-up to his song "Gangnam Style." The song is called, "Look, I am also sick of ‘Gangnam Style.'"
There's a new kind of yoga class that teaches women to have orgasms without touching themselves. The technique involves relaxing your muscles, breathing correctly and having sex with your Yoga instructor.
AG Eric Holder ended the federal civil forfeiture program. Holder said, "It was the right thing to do, whatever the hell it is."
The Hillary Clinton campaign believes that Donald Trump is going to go after her occasional "health problems." Today, Hillary reminded Trump that being a woman over 40 is not a "health problem."
The NASA robot doing chores on the space station has its own Twitter account. I'm glad to see NASA is still shooting for the stars.
"Jurassic World" actress Bryce Dallas Howard said that she will not be wearing heels in the sequel to make the movie more realistic. As anyone who’s seen the movie knows, that’s where the realism in "Jurassic World" breaks down.
It’s come out that at least 100 ESPN employees were on the adultery website Ashley Madison. In other words, infidelity has finally entered the world of sports.
According to the Senate, President Trump’s budget is dead on arrival. In other words, Trump’s budget is covered by Trump’s health care plan.
We're currently experiencing record cold temperatures in Los Angeles.  The city is almost as cold as the Lakers' starting five.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the makers of generic drugs cannot be sued for inadequate labeling on their products. In fact, now all they have to say is, "This will do something to your cholesterol level and/or penis."
Today, President Trump had lunch with a Saudi prince. Trump told the Saudi Prince, "We have a lot in common - my wife doesn’t leave the house either."
Fans of “Game of Thrones” are upset about the number of characters that died violently on last night’s episode.  Well, all I have to say is – just wait ‘til you see how this show ends tonight.
Over the weekend, Katy Perry visited the Great Wall of China.  Perry’s trip to the Great Wall brought together three things you can see from outer space. 
A group is suing Quaker Oats saying their oatmeal is not 100% natural. And it gets worse, the guy on the box - he’s Jewish.
Presidential candidate Lincoln Chafee is polling at 0%. I guess the country isn’t ready for a President named "Lincoln."
A Senator from Oklahoma said he will not participate in his state's holiday parade until they put "Christ" in the event's title.  So everyone get ready this winter's "Christ, it's cold out!" parade.
Yesterday, people in North Carolina voted to ban gay marriage and civil unions. So, if you're gay and you want to get married in North Carolina, you'll just have to pretend you're cousins.
Hillary Clinton has come out in favor of body cams. Not for police - for husbands.
It’s crazy how one controversial tweet can ruin an entire career. Thank Satan that hasn’t happened to me!
St. Patrick's Day is coming up.  I've never celebrated here in Los Angeles.  The St. Patrick's Day Parade here in Los Angeles starts in Koreatown and ends up at the Olive Garden in Little Armenia. 
In China, a factory that makes iPhones had to be shut down after 2,000 workers got into a brawl.  The brawl was captured on 10,000 iPhones.
The house in Pakistan where Osama bin Laden was killed has been demolished. But not before each member of Seal Team Six was allowed to bring one date there.  
Last week, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton wore a string of Mardi Gras beads to a swearing in ceremony. The State Department called Hillary's gesture, "light-hearted," while Bill Clinton called it, "20 years too late."
It's being reported that the NFL is close to reaching a deal with the refs.  And the replacement refs say they're close to finding their ass with a map and a compass. 
I went to see “The Avengers” today and it was sold out. I looked like an idiot dressed like the Hulk during a showing of “Think Like a Man.”
Is it me or does the white meat seem particularly angry this Thanksgiving?
A man in London proposed to his girlfriend using a newspaper crossword puzzle. As a result, she’ll get back to him sometime next week while she’s on the toilet.
A new survey came out that finds that Brigham Young University is the most sober college in America. BYU students celebrated the news by throwing one crazy "Chamomile Kegger."
According to a new poll, Michael Vick is still the most hated player in the NFL. However, on the bright side, he’s still the “most liked” among cats.
The Food and Drug Administration announced it will require the makers of Vicodin and Percocet to reduce their most potent ingredient. The announcement was made by the FDA's medical chief, "Dr. Buzzkill."
A recent study just came out and found that sex burns about 3.5 calories per minute. It’s funny, because that was always my pickup line: "Hey, Baby, want to come back to my place and burn 7 calories?"
In the UK, they’re launching an official Quidditch League, with eight teams competing across the country. It’s the first sports league where everyone has an equal chance of being a loser.
Byron Scott, a former coach of the Lakers, had his home broken into and money and valuables stolen. Afterwards, Scott said, "It could be worse, I could still be the coach of the Lakers."
Over the weekend, Michelle Obama arrived in China with her daughters. It marks the first time in China’s history that an American has arrived with daughters. 
According to a new report, parents are naming their babies after characters from their favorite television shows. I was shocked, and so was my son, "Cake Boss."
Today, a meeting was held to discuss whether building a 100,000 seat NFL stadium in the middle of downtown Los Angeles would make traffic worse. The meeting lasted 9 seconds.
Yesterday, Heidi Klum announced she is divorcing Seal and it's rumored that one reasons why is that Seal has a bit of a temper. Apparently, he really flies off the handle when you remind him that he's Seal.
The international Olympic Committee is going to strip Lance Armstrong of his bronze medal. Of course the real scandal here is that the guy was on steroids and he only came in third.
In a recent speech, Pope Francis called money, "the devil’s dung." By the way, The Devil’s Dung is also the name of the Pope’s garage band.
Bill Cosby's sexual assault case has been declared a mistrial, after jurors deliberated for nearly 52 hours. It’s the first time people have spent the weekend with Bill Cosby and not left well rested.
I’ve got good news about California, it was just announced that there are nearly 30,000 fewer inmates now in California’s prisons. Here’s the bad news - they all escaped.
Apple introduced the Apple Watch, a smart watch that can text, monitor your health, and act as a secure payment system. When asked if the Apple Watch tells the time, Apple’s CEO said, "Oh, sh**!"
Michele Bachmann says she would add three more faces to Mount Rushmore. The three faces are 1) Ronald Reagan, 2) Calvin Coolidge and 3) that face her husband Marcus makes when he sees her naked. 
Scientists have created a pill that tricks your body into thinking it has had a full meal. Unfortunately, the pill is made of two pounds of mashed potatoes.
A Senator made history this week by breastfeeding in the Senate Chamber. The bad news is, it was Mitch McConnell.
It's been reported that Michele Bachmann suffers from migraine headaches that leave her incapacitated.  Whenever that happens, one of her staffers has to step in and hate gay people for her. 
Kim Jong Un’s been missing for a while. It is rumored that Kim Jong Un’s sister has assumed temporary control in North Korea. Critics describe the sister as Kim Jong Un, but with smaller breasts.
Potential candidates Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney met in Utah to discuss "the future." Because nothing says "the future" like two white guys in their 60's, in Utah.
Senator Marco Rubio has proposed a measure requiring that all immigrants must know English. Opposing the bill are civil rights advocates, immigrants rights’ groups, and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Starbucks is introducing a $450 gift card.  It's good for two small coffees and a Josh Groban CD.
Floating in another galaxy, scientists have found a diamond the size of Earth. In a related story, Beyoncé is building a spaceship.
Hallmark has launched a line of recession-themed cards that say, "Sorry you lost your job." The good news is, the cards come pre-addressed to your Congressman.
Over the weekend, Donald Trump made fun of Marco Rubio’s "big ears" and Rubio made fun of Trump’s "small hands." So finally, Thomas Jefferson’s dream for America has come true.
Captain America is currently the number one movie in China. The Chinese say their favorite part is when Captain American asks Captain China for a $17 trillion dollar loan. 
According to a new poll, a majority of women want their man to propose on Valentine's Day.  The same poll revealed men would rather propose on April Fool's Day. 
74-year-old Senator Barbara Boxer announced she will not run for re-election in 2016. When I saw the headline, "74-year old Boxer" I assumed we were making a new Rocky movie.
The Supreme Court is deciding whether the government can mandate that all Americans buy health insurance.  When he heard this, Rick Santorum said "There's no way I'm letting the government make me go on a man-date."
CNN is reporting that the Russians have disgusting and damaging information about Donald Trump. Apparently, the Russian report on Trump contains "everything we already know."
Early this morning in Hollywood, Christina Aguilera was arrested for public intoxication. Police knew she was drunk, because she got all the lyrics to the National Anthem right.
An American teenage boy has invented a low-cost robotic arm you can control with your mind. I’d tell you more, but he won’t come out of his room.
According to reports, yesterday, the Kardashians went shopping for a family cemetery plot.  The Kardashians plan on dying as they've lived, lying on their backs doing nothing.
Just saw a guy driving a Tesla while wearing Google Glass and blaring Daft Punk. Now THAT’S how you overcompensate.
A Russian crime ring has stolen 1.2 billion passwords. But don’t worry, all 1.2 billion passwords were stolen from one guy who watches a lot of porn. 
This Ashley Madison story is nuts. Call me sentimental, but I miss the more innocent times when cheaters were outed by good old fashioned genital warts.
Over the past week, three airline flights had to make emergency landings because passengers got into fights over reclining seats. It’s a story that combines America’s two greatest passions: violence, and sitting down.
If Calvin Harris can’t make it work with Taylor Swift, what hope do any of us chiseled, 6'6" DJs have?
Lindsay Lohan is denying rumors that she punched a woman in a bar this Saturday.  Lindsay said, "Trust me, when I hit someone, it's with my car."
Several protesters at the World Cup got into trouble for burning American flags. It’s a shame, because children in China worked very hard to make those flags.
When asked about Hurricane Irma, President Trump said, "This is some big monster." In other words, Trump’s plan to combat Hurricane Irma is "Fat-shaming" it.
The oldest man in the world is now a 111-year-old from Italy. And because it’s Italy, he’s dating a 22-year-old.
Ann Romney gave a speech at the Republican Convention tonight to show America that she and her husband are just regular people like you and I. Ann Romney made her speech while sitting atop her Olympic dancing-horse.
This October's issue of “Playboy” will only cost customers 60 cents. So for the price of a cup of coffee, you could help feed a naked woman.
A new report reveals that Mexico has replaced the U.S. as the world’s fattest nation. The Mexican government has done a lot of research and it turns out their people eat way too much Mexican Food.
The man credited with developing the compact disc has died, at the age of 81. As per his wishes, he will be buried in a plastic case that is impossible to open.
China is angry at Apple because Chinese citizens are using Siri to find prostitutes. Although the Chinese citizens claim it's a misunderstanding – they say they're just trying to find their friend "Ho."
A new report shows that in order to pay their way through college, more and more students are turning to the sex industry.  So parents, you should be worried if your kid tells you they were up all night cramming.
This weekend Congressman Weiner announced he was entering a treatment program. Amazingly, it's the only thing Weiner entered during the whole scandal.
Justin Bieber spent $75,000 dollars at a strip club. There was an awkward moment when Bieber asked a stripper for a lap dance and then he sat on her lap.
An expert panel has recommended that a medically-induced pregnancy made from three people’s DNA could begin as early as next year. So finally some good news for the Jonas Brothers.
In a new interview, Hugh Hefner said that in his life time he has slept with over a thousand women.  Which for Hef averages out to one a year.
My daughter tricked me into getting her an Apple Watch by threatening to get a wrist tattoo.
Scientists are on the verge of inventing a male birth control patch. Here's how it works, you put on the patch and it reminds you to tell your girlfriend to take her birth control pill.
Scientists think they have definitive proof that Jesus had a wife. Maybe so, since he’s not the first husband to get killed after going out drinking with 12 of his guy friends.
Over the weekend, 750,000 protesters attended The Women’s March in Downtown Los Angeles. The last time this many women gathered in Downtown LA, it was to testify against Bill Cosby.
After being cut off during her speech at London's Brit Awards, Adele gave the finger to the show's host.  The host was so bummed out, he went right home and listened to his Adele album. 
Sarah Palin is in Israel and she visited the Wailing Wall. There was an awkward moment when she looked at the wall and asked, "So, this is what keeps the Mexicans out."
Lin-Manuel Miranda, the creator and star of the smash Broadway hit "Hamilton" announced he’s leaving the show on July 9th. Don’t worry, his role will be taken over by his understudy, Tony Danza.
In Oregon, a number of brewers are competing to turn sewer water into beer. The brewers said, "Hey, if Bud Light can do it, we can do it!"
There’s currently a petition to split California into several states. Among the new states would be Botoxia, Pornsylvania, and the Commonwealth of Kardashia.
Starbucks is reportedly making plans to begin selling beer and wine at their coffee shops.  Apparently, Starbucks is having trouble finding sober people willing to pay 9 bucks for a cup of coffee.
Controversial Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte said his wife is expecting. Lochte said he doesn’t care if it’s a boy or a girl as long as it’s dumb.
Donald Trump is implying that Ted Cruz’s father had something to do with the Kennedy assassination. Even worse, Ted Cruz’s father had something to do with Ted Cruz.
According to a new study that just came out, human waste contains gold and other precious metals. In the future, this could make things awkward the next time a cashier asks, "How would you like to pay for that?"
An analyst said that Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, who was caught on video smoking crack, is actually "a pretty good mayor." In fact, since taking office in 2010, he's only slept 4 hours.
Arnold Schwarzenegger told a reporter that what he misses about Austria the most is its "juicy wiener schnitzel."   By the way, the conference he's attending is at the Institute of Jokes that Write Themselves.
Today President Trump was at the Vatican meeting with Pope Francis. During their meeting, the Pope gave President Trump a medal. Then, Melania said, "Hey, if anyone deserves a medal here, it’s me!"
Joe Biden announced he is not running for president. And so, as promised, Hillary Clinton immediately released his dog.
It’s been reported that "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette" will feature a more diverse cast. That’s right, they’re looking for people who have both chlamydia AND gonorrhea.
The White House announced it's switching to solar power. As a result, 20% of Americans now think Obama is an Apollo-worshipper.
Yesterday, an Anti-Trump Super PAC tweeted a nude photo of Melania Trump, asking if this should be the First Lady. The response was an overwhelming "Hell no, she should be President!"
New research shows that tanning beds are even more dangerous than previously thought.  Especially if Snooki used it right before you. 
President Obama recently sent the Prime Minister of Canada two cases of White House-brewed beer after losing a bet. Obama bet him that Justin Bieber couldn’t get any douchier.
One day after meeting the Pope, House Speaker John Boehner announced he is retiring. How do we get the Pope to meet Donald Trump?
Over the weekend, President Obama held a private meeting with the Dalai Lama. Apparently, the President asked about the political situation in Tibet, and then the Dalai Lama asked if it was too soon to bang Jennifer Lopez.
Hillary Clinton gave her big speech at the Democratic Convention this evening. And there was an awkward moment when she finished the speech and said, "Now where’s my check?"
A new study just came out that shows decreasing the amount of sugar in obese children's diet improves their health within 10 days. The study was conducted by a bunch of jerks trying to ruin Halloween.
A new study claims Oreos are as addictive as cocaine. But the only difference is—when someone’s eating Oreos in a night club bathroom stall, it’s really sad.  
In Tennessee, a Chick-Fil-A manager has apologized for asking a mom to stop breast-feeding.  Chick-Fil-A later took back the apology when they heard the baby was gay. 
An item unveiled at CES is a smart pacifier with a GPS system that will help you find your baby. The company expects the pacifier to be a huge hit with really sh**ty parents.
Earlier this week, investor Warren Buffett lost $2 billion. Luckily, Buffett found it this morning under a pile of $8 billion.
President Obama's personal assistant, Reggie Love, has announced he'll be leaving the White House. Reggie Love plans to return to his previous job, hosting a smooth jazz station.
Reno, Nevada is planning to open an exhibit celebrating itself as the "divorce capital of the world." They’re also planning to open an exhibit at their Children’s Museum called "It’s All Your Fault."
Governor Bobby Jindal’s presidential campaign is angrily insisting that the "Duck Dynasty" cast supports him, and not Donald Trump. And that is the current report on the state of the Bobby Jindal campaign.
A new study shows that NYC is doing better than LA at eliminating childhood obesity. Mostly because, in New York, they force the fat kids to move out and become the governor of New Jersey.
Today is the first day of  the Chinese New Year so Happy New Year!  Or as they say in China, everybody back to work!
I still can’t get a publisher for my new novel, “Unpublishable”.
In Italy, a women's group is demanding money from Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi because his scandals have reduced women to sex objects. The group is called the "Association of Women Who Have Forgotten They Live in Italy."
At a restaurant, sitting one table away from VP candidate Mike Pence. Wait, no, sorry that’s just a white napkin.
In a recent interview, Jessica Alba said she doesn’t do nude scenes because she doesn’t want her grandparents to see her boobs. Now Jessica Alba’s grandparents are receiving death threats.
In Japan, a video game developer has made a new game for bathrooms that users control with their urine stream. The game is available exclusively on the Nintendo Wii-Wii.
An expert estimates that Chris Christie has lost 100 pounds since having gastric bypass surgery. The surgery is amazing—it basically shuts down a bridge to your stomach.
The first McDonald’s opened 60 years ago this week. A McDonald’s spokesman said, "We’re proud to say that in 60 years our burgers haven’t changed and neither have our workers' wages."
I just heard the craziest recording of Mel Gibson. He was speaking in calm and measured tones.
It's come out that a chemical in the McRib is also used to make yoga mats. This marks the first time Yoga and McRib have ever been mentioned in the same sentence.
During a recent interview, Sarah Palin said, "We've got to stand with our North Korean allies."  When told that North Korea is not our ally, Palin said, "I'm sorry I meant East Korea."
When my wife and I argue, she's the one who sleeps on the couch - Greg Couch, our next door neighbor.
At his White House Super Bowl Party, President Obama served a menu that featured food from both Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. Which explains why this morning, President Obama tested positive for diabetes.
To help clean up London before the Olympics, local police have closed down over 80 brothels. Apparently the brothels go against the Olympic spirit of amateur competition.
In Britain, it is now illegal to view bondage porn. And if you’re caught, you’ll be led away with no handcuffs.
Hillary Clinton has unveiled a technology plan that would offer broadband Internet access to all Americans. Which is why today Hillary was endorsed by the CEO of Pornhub.
In the press conference, Apple's CEO Tim Cook said "Siri is your best friend."  Unfortunately, Siri translated this to say, "Sorry I stole your Depends."
A California man has been arrested for trying to poison his wife's Rice Krispies. The man's being charged with attempted murder, and completely misunderstanding the term "Serial Killer."
Supposedly, Arnold fathered the child with a household servant.  So now Arnold has made two "Junior's" that he doesn't want to talk about.
The Obamacare website will not be accessible at night due to maintenance. And it will also not accessible during the day due to "it sucking."
The latest polls show Donald Trump beating Marco Rubio in Rubio’s home state of Florida by 16 points. To win back Florida voters, Rubio has started doing meth.
After "Argo" won for best picture, Ben Affleck gave a speech where he said his marriage "is work." Which made him the first man in history to NOT get laid after winning an Oscar.
Last week in Southern California, authorities discovered 250 pounds of marijuana washed up on the beach. They found it right near a group of sharks in a drum circle.
Domino’s Pizza has released a YouTube video of the company delivering pizza with a drone. That is just shocking – showing something that kills innocent civilians every day, getting delivered by a drone.
Today, the Apple iPad turns five years old. So it’s official, the iPad is as old as the people who make it.
An upcoming Republican debate will be moderated by Donald Trump. It will take place in the "Trump Forum for the Future of Democracy & Casino."
Air New Zealand has unveiled a "Hobbit" themed airplane.  But of course, real "Hobbit" fans only fly Virgin.
A new report came out and it says that Donald Trump once shifted charitable donations for sick kids into his own business. Trump referred to the charity as the "Take a Wish Foundation."
In tomorrow’s election, Alabama has to choose between two things they find abhorrent - a pedophile and a Democrat.
Due to the budget cuts, all tours of the White House have been cancelled indefinitely. When he heard, Joe Biden said, "Now I'll never see it!"
A Congressman from Texas sent out a tweet comparing President Obama to Hitler. Which is ridiculous, because at this point in his career, Hitler had a much higher approval rating.
In Georgia, the tea party is planning to raise funds by having a carnival. Because if there’s a carnival ride you want to go on, it’s one free of government regulation.
In Florida, the lines for early voting are nine hours long. Which is too bad, because it's Florida – a lot of those people don't have nine hours.
In San Jose, three female baristas have been cited for working topless.  According to witnesses, two of the baristas were grande and one was venti.
Donald Trump now appears to be the likely Republican nominee. In a related story, Canada is getting ready for 45 million people to come crash on their couch.
One of the most popular YouTube videos of 2014 was apparently a video of strangers kissing one another. And if you liked strangers kissing each other, you’ll really like something called "porn."
Mitt Romney is claiming he will create 12 million jobs in his first term.  However, Romney hasn't said yet whether he'll create those jobs in China or India – he's still thinking.
Pizza Hut is coming out with a pizza stuffed with hot dogs in the crust and Burger King is testing out a bacon sundae.  You know things are getting out of hand in this country when McDonald's has become the healthy alternative.
The Cleveland Cavaliers set an NBA record with their 25th straight loss last night.  See that LeBron—you could be breaking records right now!
There are some nursing homes in New York that are allowing elderly residents to have sex. There’s also a new trend the next morning at nursing homes known as the "Shuffle of Shame."
Over the weekend, someone replaced the videos on Sesame Street's YouTube page with hardcore porn. Sesame Street said the videos were dirty, offensive, and a little TOO much about sharing.
Jason Collins, the NBA player who revealed he's gay is a free agent and looking for someone to sign him.  Turns out he's got some interest from Chicago— not the Bulls, the Broadway musical. 
Who would invest in Goldman Sachs mortgage investments? I played it safe and bought Greek bonds and magic beans.
Trump created a lot of controversy by endorsing Roy Moore. Today, Trump praised Moore as someone who reaches out to young people.
CBS reportedly tried to avoid profanity at last night's Grammys by running the entire show on a 10-second delay. Or as Taylor Swift calls it, "The length of a typical relationship."
Every Ides of March, I order a Caesar Salad and stab it repeatedly with a knife.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's housekeeper revealed that when she confessed to Maria Shriver the two of them cried together.  Then Arnold tried cheering them up by saying, "How ‘bout a threesome?"
After 113 days, the National Hockey League has settled its contract dispute.  So finally, Americans can get back to not watching hockey.
Before we completely write him off as a joke, why don’t we at least find out more about the foreign policy experience of Deez Nuts?
NASA is reporting that it has finally heard from a lost space probe after two years of silence. Not surprisingly, the probe’s signal came in at 2AM and said "u up?"
Despite falling behind in delegates, Bernie Sanders insists he still has nine states left to go. Unfortunately, five of those states are Denial, Anger, Grief, Bargaining, and Acceptance.
At the Miami Zoo, the orangutans have been given iPads to play with. When the children in China who make the iPads heard the news, they said, "This is bullshit."
One of the most popular shows in Afghanistan is a police drama produced with American money.  The Afghan cop show is called, "Murder, She Wasn't Permitted to Write." 
Mitt Romney tweeted that it was "an honor" to be considered for Secretary of State. Romney then tweeted "Oh, and has anyone seen my dignity?"
iPhone users are reporting that Siri will correct them if they try to say "Bruce Jenner" instead of "Caitlyn." In a related story, Siri is now asking to be addressed as "Steve."
Miley Cyrus finally spoke out about her performance at the MTV Video Music Awards and said she wanted to "make history." Cyrus said, “I wanted to be the first woman ever to dance provocatively at the VMA’s and still not turn anyone on.”
Getting asked to be Trump’s running mate is the new jury duty.
Prince William’s pregnant wife Kate Middleton is past her due date and doctors may have to induce labor. To speed up the birth, doctors have been telling the baby, "Come on out, you’ll never have to work a day in your life."
Wow. I was just sent the iPhone 7. The seats are very comfortable.
A man is claiming that President Obama used and sold cocaine in college.  On the bright side, if this is true, Obama does have business experience.
Reality star Michelle Duggar, who has 19 children, now says she'd like to try and have more kids. Coincidentally, while she was giving the interview, three more just fell out of her. They were fully clothed.
One of the stars of "The Newsroom" accidentally tweeted a topless photo.  Unfortunately, it was Jeff Daniels.
In New York City, Keith Richards' daughter was arrested for writing graffiti on a wall.  You would think Keith Richards' daughter would know better, given the fact she's 78 years old. 
Inspired by La La Land, I just sang and danced my way into a divorce.
An expert on Donald Trump was quoted as saying "he is a vindictive man with a fragile ego who craves approval." But then the interview was cut short when Melania Trump heard her husband walk through the door.
In preparation for Thanksgiving, I'm going to swallow an SUV's airbag and then run into a wall.
We've had record amounts of rain in Southern California.  Which explains the new show on Bravo, "The Real Houseboat Wives of Beverly Hills."
In Washington D.C. Eminem was criticized for dropping multiple F-bombs during a concert for Veterans. It’s the first time that soldiers in the military have been exposed to bad language. 
This week is World Breastfeeding Week. Or as babies call it, "Suckapalooza."
In Britain, a man waved a knife and his penis around at customers inside a McDonalds. And guess what - it was still the healthiest thing ever seen in a McDonalds.
Snoop Dogg said his choice for president in 2016 is Hillary Clinton. Yeah, Snoop said, "You’d have to be a lot higher than me to vote for Ted Cruz."
A new survey finds that sex is better when you're on vacation. At least that's what my wife emailed me from the Bahamas.
Roger Ebert has endorsed Ron Paul, saying he "is the only one I'd want to sit next to on a long airplane flight." So, if that's how we're choosing a president, I would like to hereby endorse that girl from those T-Mobile commercials.
Four of Prince William's ex-girlfriends have been invited to the royal wedding.  Kate Middleton is having them seated in the front row of the "In Your Face" section.
This weekend, President Trump told the country, "We have to love each other." Then he said, "You know, until a younger, hotter country comes along."
Today Pope Francis said he will not judge priests who are gay. In response, gay priests said they will not judge Pope Francis for “wearing that robe with those shoes.”
Not only have I already purchased a gravesite, I visit it often and whisper, "Soon, soon shall I sleep."
A new study found that smoking marijuana can impair your ability to find your way through a maze.  And by "maze," I mean "the cookie aisle in the supermarket."
Beyoncé is planning to launch a new clothing line. Beyoncé said, "I will not rest until I have all the money on Earth."
In Russia, a man injected himself with 3.5 million year-old bacteria in hopes of becoming immortal. His funeral is Thursday.
Tea Party Senator Rand Paul has been accused of plagiarizing in three separate instances.  When asked about the plagiarism charges, Paul said, "Four score and seven years ago…"
Trump said he now supports a plan for young immigrants to become citizens. When asked why, Trump said, "Because I may have to look for a new wife soon."
Indiana’s governor is coming under fire for the new anti-gay law. Well guess what - the Governor of Indiana now says he is not anti-gay. Then immediately afterwards, he said, "April Fool’s."
The government is accusing the makers of several weight loss products of deceiving the public. Probably the most deceptive of these companies: Cinnabon.
In a new commercial, JC Penney apologizes for its mistakes and asks people to "come back." Unfortunately, so far the ad has not worked on anyone except Rihanna.
Citizens of Boston may soon get to vote over whether or not the city hosts the 2024 Olympics. It’s a simple ballot - Bostonians will either check off "Heah" or "Not Heah."
It's being reported that a Sex and the City prequel is in the works that follows the ladies when they were in their teens and twenties. Fans say it will be fun to see what New York was like when it was still owned by the Dutch.
President Obama has issued a statement about the royal baby. Obama told the royal baby, “Make sure you hang on to the birth certificate.”
While endorsing Donald Trump, Sarah Palin said, "How 'bout the rest of us? Right-wingin', bitter-clingin', proud clingers of our guns, our God, and our religions." Then she said the craziest thing of all, "I was almost the vice-president."
BuzzFeed just announced it’s going to start making movies. So make sure to check out next summer’s blockbuster: "The Avengers Vs. 14 Cats That Look Like Hitler."
The doctor called the "Father of Botox" has passed away at age 70. His patients are grief-stricken but have no way to express it.
Researchers have developed a new "Smart Tattoo" that can monitor your health. And there’s also a "Smart Tramp Stamp" that will tell you you’ve got chlamydia.
Last night, Ashton Kutcher made his debut on "Two and a Half Men" playing a billionaire with a huge penis.  In fact, his penis is so big, it's now considered "the half man."
The owner of the world’s largest private collection of Star Wars memorabilia says someone stole $200,000 worth of his collectibles. On the plus side, the collector is reporting that his virginity is still in "mint condition."
In Utah, a sperm bank employee is in trouble for switching out clients’ sperm with his own. He’s being charged with "putting too much of himself into his work."
A former CEO of McDonald’s is warning that robots could take over jobs of fast food workers. Which begs the question, where are they going to find a slow-moving robot with acne?
During her interview on The Today Show, Paula Deen said she only used a racist slur once. When reached for comment, the Food Network said, “That’s why we only fired her once.”
Scientists say they have found evidence of cheese being made 7,500 years ago. The evidence was found at a 7-11 Nacho Bar.
Yesterday, Newt Gingrich was asked about the Iowa caucus and he said, "I don't think I'm going to win." Which is funny because that's how Jon Huntsman answers the phone.
Today, President Obama is in town for a fundraiser – and huge traffic delays are expected all over Los Angeles. Tomorrow, President Obama is back on the East Coast, and huge traffic delays are expected all over Los Angeles.
On Monday, the Easter Bunny will make his highly-anticipated annual visit to the White House. And get this - so will Melania!
Scientists have discovered an elephant at a South Korean zoo that can imitate human speech. So far, all the Elephant has said is, "Enough with the friggin peanuts."
There are 81 restaurants in the world with three Michelin stars and none of them are White Castle. The system is broken.
Last night, Senator Mitch McConnell silenced Senator Elizabeth Warren using an old Senate rule. It’s the 1930s statute known as "No Mouthy Broads."
Justin Bieber has gotten a haircut and he's donated his famous bangs to charity. Upon receiving the bangs, the people of Darfur said, "Umm, thanks?"
Apple has plans to launch a mobile wallet to replace physical credit cards. Because if there’s one company you want to trust with your money, it’s the company that leaked your nude photos.
President Trump has disinvited Golden State Warrior player Steph Curry from visiting the White House. Not because of their political differences - because Trump believes Curry is from India.
One of the new TV shows that debuted at Comic-Con was "Supergirl." Supergirl does the same thing as Superman but she gets paid 30% less.
Pope Francis said the Catholic Church should ask forgiveness from gays for its past treatment of them. The speech was entitled "My bad, girlfriend."
On Mother’s Day, Hooters is giving all mothers a free order of 10 hot wings with a drink purchase. I’d take my Mom, but I just took her there for Easter.
Scientists now believe that humans discovered fire one million years ago. The evidence was found on Larry King's first birthday cake.
Scrabble is adding 5,000 new words, including words like chillax and selfie. So, kids, there’s never been a better time to challenge your grandparents to a game of Scrabble. 
I'm glad to be on cable. The truth is, I've dreamed of being a talk show host on basic cable ever since I was 46.
Today President Obama honored the winners of the NHL Stanley Cup at the White House. Obama gave a speech about how much hockey meant to him as a black kid growing up in Hawaii.
Marco Rubio said in a new interview that his favorite show is "The Walking Dead." When asked why, Rubio said, "I’m a senator from Florida - those are my constituents."
At last week’s Republican debate, Ted Cruz accused Donald Trump of having "New York values." Trump said that’s ridiculous, then, overcharged Cruz for a bagel.
In Canada, a Budweiser blimp has broken free and is on the loose. Or maybe it’s Rob Ford.
Benedict Cumberbatch has gotten engaged. He and his fiancée are registered at Cumberbed, Cumberbath, & Cumberbeyond.
Drug dealers are now stamping individually wrapped heroin packets with Donald Trump's face. So finally, a Trump-branded product that people actually want to buy.
A blind man in Minnesota has received a bionic implant allowing him to see his wife for the first time in 10 years. Then after she went to bed, he went on the Internet and looked at porn.
This year for the first time ever, the Super Bowl will have no cheerleaders because neither team has any.  Apparently, the Packers used to have cheerleaders but they froze to death.
Fishermen have found a 176-pound piece of whale vomit valued at nearly $3 million. Evidently, the whale had been watching the election returns.
Last week was the 23rd anniversary of the first text message. Coincidentally, it was also the 23rd anniversary of the first rear end collision.
Today, Democrats added the word "God" to their official party platform. It's in the part that reads, "Did you see Michelle Obama's biceps? Oh my God."
Donald Trump insisted that he’s always had a great relationship with women. Trump said, "I believe a woman can be anything she wants to be, whether that’s Miss USA or Miss Universe."
Last week, the Vatican held a screening of the movie "Spotlight," that’s the movie that details child abuse in the Catholic Church. Long story short, the Pope is now Lutheran.
Donald Trump tweeted that a Hillary Clinton presidency would be "four more years of stupidity." As opposed to a Trump presidency, which would be one year of stupidity followed by three years of war with Mexico.
In a new interview, Michele Bachmann said when she met her husband she had a vision of marrying him and he had the same vision of her.  In fact, in each of their visions they were both wearing the same wedding dress.
Pizza Hut is testing out a new lower calorie pizza. To which the average American said, "Great, now I can eat five."
After the shutdown debacle, the Tea Party’s approval rating is now only 30%. In other words, it’s the first time the Tea Party has ever been supported by a minority.
Hey, Good & Plenty candies – you definitely got your name half-right.
Last night, the Louisville Cardinals won the NCAA championship.  People in Kentucky were so excited they were kissing people not related to them.
Today, the White House held its annual Hanukkah celebration.  It was a traditional Jewish ceremony, except for the part where it was hosted by a black man from Hawaii.
Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler’s wife posted a nude photo of him on Instagram. Yeah, the last thing Bears fans need to see is another Jay Cutler sack.
The Pope's adviser on sex-abuse cases within the Catholic Church has now himself been charged with sexual abuse. When they told the Pope the news, he threw his pointy hat on the ground and said, "I have had it with this shit!" 
In an interview, "Jeopardy" host Alex Trebek revealed that he once tripped hard on hash brownies. Apparently, Trebek spent hours saying "What is 'My Hand' for 800?"
A new report finds that my show has more Hispanic viewers than any other late-night program. In a related story, Hola, Bienvenidos a todos mis amigos del mundo Latino-Americano.  Yo soy un gringo muy blanco.
Britain will unveil a set of stamps commemorating the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton. They're an exact replica of the Royal Couple in every way, except the stamps serve a useful function.
Fans of "50 Shades of Grey" are upset about the actors chosen to star in the movie.  The producers of "50 Shades of Grey" said, "Sorry but our hands were tied."
Wendy's is introducing a bacon burger that comes with bacon mayonnaise and bacon jam. A spokesperson for Wendy’s said, "And if that doesn’t work, we’ll just stab our customers in the heart."
Love means never having to say "I’m sorry I left the money in Bogota. I had no idea Jaime was going to get decapitated at the dead drop."
In line to visit Santa Claus, and the kid ahead of us just told Santa he only wants one thing for Christmas: "the goddamn truth."
There's talk that the Supreme Court may issue their decision on health care reform on live television. To boost ratings, each judge will give their decision after spinning around in their chair to face the camera.
The New York Times reported that Rupert Murdoch is determined to buy Time Warner, the company I work for, which means it’s possible I could soon be working for Fox. I have no idea if this is going to happen, but just to be safe, I think President Obama is a socialist from Kenya.
NBC announced they’re planning to premiere a new theme song for "Sunday Night Football." Shockingly, they decided to go with the classic Sound of Music ballad, "Edelweiss."
Kelsey Grammar is taking over a part in the new "Expendables" movie that was supposed to go to Nicolas Cage.  It’s being called the most unbelievable performance by Nicolas Cage ever: him saying "No" to a part.
After years of being banned, Adolf Hitler’s "Mein Kampf" is headed back to German bookstores. The new edition has a foreword by Donald Trump.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says she has dirt on Newt Gingrich, but so far she's keeping her lips sealed. Not because of discretion, because that's how the last surgeon left them.
Is it ok to ask a very pregnant librarian if she's overdue?
In Hong Kong, a billionaire is offering $65 million to any man who can woo and marry his lesbian daughter. Meanwhile, his daughter is offering $65 million dollars to anyone that can explain to her father what a lesbian is.
A new report said that a record number of middle-aged Californians are moving back in with their parents. My mother told me about this story last night while she was tucking me in.
Today in Minnesota, Sarah and Bristol Palin made an appearance at a book store.   Apparently, it was "Bring Your Daughter to a Place You Never Go" day.
Over the weekend here in California, a riot broke out at a national surfing competition.  Nobody was killed, but one man is listed in stable but “gnarly” condition.
Sarah Palin said that President Obama should stop "playing the race card." Then someone explained to her that honoring Martin Luther King Day is not "playing the race card."
Sesame Street has just introduced its first Latino cast member in decades. It's an undocumented blue monster who will work for half as many cookies.
Arby's has acquired Buffalo Wild Wings for 2.4 billion dollars. They didn’t mean to, but like a lot of us, Arby’s got drunk and bought too many wings.
In a tweet, Zac Efron compared Martin Luther King's dream for racial equality to his own dream of 10 million Instagram followers. The tweet was so racially tone deaf it was immediately nominated for an Oscar.
Today, Apple announced it is releasing a new, smaller iPhone. The iPhone is being described as "So small, it can fit in the palm of the hand of the child who made it."
Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed on to a new "Terminator" film. Due to his age, this one features the catchphrase, "I'll be back right after ‘Wheel of Fortune.'"
Kanye West tweeted that Bill Cosby is innocent. So finally, a reason for people to dislike Kanye West.
A study reveals that women in Australia want a man with a big penis.  The good news? My wife isn't Australian.
A recent security purge by Facebook has unintentionally gotten rid of millions of "likes.” Just think... all those wasted hours, wasted.
In Iran, six people were arrested for dancing to Pharrell Williams’ song "Happy." Iran’s chief of police said, "It isn’t for religious reasons, I’m just so sick of that song."
Vladimir Putin announced he's running for reelection as president of Russia. Putin’s campaign slogan is "I made America great again."
Some McDonald's are now replacing the toy that came in Happy Meals with a book. The title of the book is, "Being a kid in 2013 Blows."
A man from Mexico is in trouble for helping build a tunnel from Tijuana to San Diego with electricity, ventilation and rail cars.  The man is being charged with bringing illegals into the country, and bringing public transit dangerously close to Los Angeles.
After years of bashing Obamacare, Tea Party presidential candidate Ted Cruz just signed up for Obamacare. And next week, he plans to get gay married at a Planned Parenthood.
In some California jails, inmates are now allowed to upgrade to nicer cells, which have cable TV, private phones, and personal libraries. That explains the hot new trend: getting arrested.
President Obama says his campaign for a second term is still about hope and change. The President's exact words were, "I hope I won't have to change my address."
Charlie Sheen announced he got married to his porn star girlfriend.  Call me sentimental, but I think this porn star marriage has a chance.
I can’t decide whether to join Chris Brown or Drake’s entourage. Which one offers dental?
Arnold Schwarzenegger has written a new book about his affair with his Hispanic housekeeper and it's actually called "Total Recall."  In response, she's written a book about their affair called "Alien vs Predator."
In New Mexico, two third-graders have been caught smoking marijuana.  Apparently, they smoke a lot of pot because both third-graders are 19 years old.
Yesterday in Iowa, just four supporters showed up to eat lunch with Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum. It’s always a bad sign when your entire voter base can fit in a deli booth.
Dennis Rodman said that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is a "awesome guy" and a "good dad." In response,  Kim Jong Un said that Dennis Rodman is, "batshit crazy."
Today all the hosts of the Today Show went makeup-free. It was mostly uneventful, except for the revelation that Al Roker is a tiny Japanese woman.
A House Republican has compared the new law requiring free birth control for women to Pearl Harbor. When asked to clarify, he said, "Both involve unplanned early-morning invasions."
Bristol Palin and "The Jersey Shore's" The Situation are in a new Public Service Announcement promoting abstinence. Unfortunately, there's an awkward moment halfway through the PSA when they have sex.
In a recent interview, Chris Christie said that he will top Donald Trump’s Iowa State Fair helicopter entrance by riding in on a pony. As a result, all the ponies in Iowa have gone into hiding.
Due to pressure from animal rights groups, Ringling Brothers Circus has announced they will end their elephant show in May. When told, the elephants said, "Great - looks like it’s back to stripping for us."
Am I the only one who refers to licking an envelope as envilingus?
It’s come out that Barbara Walters admitted to stealing an artifact from the White House. She said, "I was young and I didn’t think President Lincoln would mind."
Cosmo Magazine is encouraging female students in North Carolina to vote by offering a party bus to the polls that includes shirtless male models. The female students are signing up in droves to pull the lever and also to vote.
This morning, due to a massive storm, at least 150,000 people in San Francisco were left without power. Of course, people in San Francisco without power are usually called "Republicans."
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak made a surprise announcement that he's going to stay in power for 6 more months.  Man, that guy really doesn't understand how Groundhog Day works.
It’s come out that some species of frogs have sex orgies. These are followed the next morning by the frogs doing the "Hop of Shame."
If the government shuts down, the IRS will be closed, according to my accountant, Wesley Snipes.
A new study found that one night stands are not emotionally harmful to some people. Those people are called "men."
Lamborghini just unveiled their new car that lists at $4 million. So for the Lamborghini customer that works out to $1 million per inch of penis.
Jay-Z and Beyoncé paid over a million dollars to seal off the hospital ward where Beyoncé gave birth. It seems extreme, but it was the only way to keep out Uncle Kanye.
Health officials are saying the number of measles cases that originated at Disneyland continues to grow. Which is why this year, after the game, the Super Bowl MVP is going to shout, "No friggin' way am I going to Disneyland."
After being accused of sexual harassment by five women, Bill O’Reilly announced he is taking a vacation. And if there’s any justice in the world he’ll be flying United.
Regis Philbin has announced that he's coming out with a memoir this fall. The book will be released as a hardback, on Kindle, and as an "Extremely Loud Book on Tape."
An outspoken conservative is under fire for comparing Obamacare to slavery. Even worse, he said slavery was better because "at least it’s in the Constitution."
Facebook has a new feature that allows you to see what you were posting a year ago. To use it, just log onto Facebook and click on the “I’m wasting my life” button.
There’s a rumor that 1 in 10 Europeans is conceived in an IKEA bed. In fact, most of the conceptions happen in the IKEA bed known as the "Drunkenboinkin."
The White House confirmed that President Obama will be signing up for Obamacare. Which is good because his current health plan doesn’t cover headaches and depressions caused by Obamacare.
The new Surgeon General says health officials are in "desperate need of clarity" about e-cigarettes. Specifically, they need guidelines on whether they’re for "douchebags" or "a**hats."
When asked what he would bring to the White House, Rick Perry said "The most beautiful, most thoughtful, incredible first lady the nation has ever seen." Then he handed a rose to Wolf Blitzer.
Today in Sri Lanka, Pope Francis visited a Buddhist temple. When asked why he went to a Buddhist temple, the Pope said, "Just keeping my options open."
In protest of President Trump abandoning the Paris Climate Accord, the CEO of Disney has resigned from Trump's Business Advisory Council. It’s not a good sign when a company led by a giant talking mouse is telling the President to be more realistic.
A dog expert claims there has been a huge increase in dogs taking Prozac.  You know you’ve got a depressed dog when it wakes up and immediately starts drinking out of the toilet.
In San Francisco, police say rapper 2 Chainz was robbed at gunpoint. Police say the primary suspect is fellow rapper, “Needs 2 Chainz.”
Today, Conrad Murray, Michael Jackson's doctor, was sentenced to serve four years in prison.  The really bad news for Murray is they sentenced him to that prison in the Philippines where the inmates do the "Thriller" dance.
Apple is paying for their female employees to freeze their eggs. They’re being stored at a factory in China where the eggs are already working on the iPhone 7. 
Researchers are now saying that atheists have better sex lives than people who believe in God.  However, they have no idea what to yell out during sex.
At the White House, First Lady Melania Trump came across a trick-or-treater dressed up as her. Melania spent several minutes trying to convince the kid to switch places.
This week, Donald Trump is going to North Carolina, Iowa, and Michigan, all states that voted for him for his "Thank You" tour. Then, he comes here to California for the "You’re Dead To Me" Tour.
What will become of the SkyMall catalogue when there are actually malls in the sky?
For environmental reasons, The Bill Gates Foundation has proposed making condoms out of beef. Which means soon we’ll have condoms that are "Baby Back Ribbed for her Pleasure."
Over the weekend, Arnold Schwarzenegger officially endorsed John Kasich. Or he said "a horse junkie is sick," it’s hard to tell.
Friends are asking about my New Year’s plans, but drinking off-brand gin & browsing LaneBryant.com  isn’t really something you plan.
This week, President Trump will meet with a Saudi Prince. The man born into immense wealth with multiple wives and an exotic head covering says he can’t wait to meet the Saudi Prince.
Today was Pope Benedict's last day at work.  So right now all the other cardinals are buying him shots at the Vatican Applebee's.
A new book says that during World War II Britain attempted to "lace Adolf Hitler's food with female sex hormones." Thank God it never worked, because if there's one person you don't want to see PMSing, it's Hitler.
It’s been reported that "Wheel of Fortune" host Pat Sajak makes $12 million a year. Hard to believe he still makes people pay for their own vowels.
With "Game of Thrones" over, now I spend Sunday nights imagining my favorite characters on other shows getting killed.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney has a new book coming out that slams President Obama. You can buy the book from Amazon, or download the electronic version directly from Cheney’s heart.
According to a new poll, Kristen Stewart is now the least trusted movie star in America. Movie star? She told me she was a cattle rancher!!!
Victoria's Secret's in trouble with Native Americans after one of their models appeared on the runway in panties & a war bonnet.  Victoria's Secret apologized & said, "We didn't think anyone would look at her head."
In Louisiana, Rapper Lil Wayne has been issued a ticket for not cutting the grass outside his house.  After hearing this, Lil Wayne said, "Hey, finally, some street cred."
Only 364 more shopping days until Christmas.
In Florida, 35 pounds of cocaine washed up on the beach. In a related story, we now know just HOW Diana Nyad was able to swim so fast.
Ashton Kutcher, Ice T and Fred Durst of Limp Bizkit have all tweeted about the situation in Egypt.  Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said he won't do anything until Jared from Subway weighs in.
Nissan is developing technology that blocks cell phone signals so people won’t be distracted by their smartphones. First Nissan will put the technology in their cars, then they'll put it in the Oval Office.
Over the weekend, Mitt Romney was in Jerusalem and slipped a prayer into the crack in the Wailing Wall. And while he was at it, he also stuffed in $3 million of taxable income.
Mitt Romney has launched a new drive to appeal to Hispanic voters. Unfortunately his new slogan is, "Mitt Romney: I Probably Employ One of Your Cousins."
Chipotle said they will be closing all of their stores for one day next month to discuss food safety. Chipotle said if that doesn’t work they’re going to fall back to Plan B, "Salmonella Sundays."
A life-size statue of Ronald McDonald was stolen from a McDonald's in New Jersey. Police are on the lookout for someone very sad.
Today, the Secretary of Transportation announced he's stepping down.  When asked why, he said, "My commute is a bitch."
After the recent break-in, the White House put a lock on the front door. Also, the Secret Service is adding a recording of a barking dog.
President Obama was back in Los Angeles today, where he will appear on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno."  Obama is appearing with Jay Leno to highlight the one job that was saved during his administration.
A recent study found that spouses who are sarcastic toward one another are the most likely to get divorced. The study was published in the April issue of "Gee, Ya Think?" magazine.
Wal-Mart has decided to pull Osama bin Laden costumes after receiving numerous complaints. Shoppers weren’t complaining because they found the Osama Bin Laden costumes offensive, they were mad because no one who shops at Wal-Mart is skinny enough to wear one.
Hillary Clinton called 50% of Trump supporters a "basket of deplorables" and now she says she regrets it. She feels that instead of "basket," she should have said "shitload."
A Catholic bishop from Massachusetts was arrested for drunk driving. Still, it was relief to find a Catholic official get in trouble for only having a beer on his lap.
Louisiana’s Governor Bobby Jindal is Indian-American, and people are saying his new official portrait makes him look more white. They didn’t change his skin color, they just painted him at a hockey game riding a Segway.
The porn industry has been in court arguing that making porn actors wear condoms violates their 1st Amendment rights. They also said porn is protected by the right to "Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Faked Happiness."
Turns out the proper response to "How’s it hanging?" is NOT "via a complex network of pulleys and trusses."
I don’t mean to name-drop, but I was just ignored by Kato Kaelin.
Hulk Hogan is suing over the release of his sex tape.  And guess what – So is everyone else.
Over the weekend, the Senate officially voted to allow gay soldiers to serve in the military. This is great news for gay soldiers and bad news for straight soldiers who were planning to say they were gay to get out of the Army.
In a sewer in London, officials found a giant clump of fat, waste, and diapers known as "fatberg." The fatberg is so repulsive, officials are divided on whether to dissolve it, or cast it as a "Dance Mom."
New research shows that elderly people emit a distinct odor. The study was conducted by two guys stuck in an elevator with Larry King.
Scientists now believe that Jesus Christ had a wife. They also believe that Jesus's nephew called Jesus's wife the "Auntie Christ."
Critics are panning Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt’s new movie saying the film has "long stretches where nothing much happens." Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt responded "Since when is looking at us not enough?"
Mitt Romney said his campaign is "about the 100 percent." Then Romney said, "The 100% of the 53% who don't like the 47%."
In Yemen, a U.S. drone strike has killed al Qaeda's number two leader, the sixth second in command the US has killed. So this is one area where Obama can say he definitely is creating jobs.
According to a new poll that ranks politicians on their attractiveness, 300 pound New Jersey governor Chris Christie was deemed hotter than President Obama. The poll was taken in the candy aisle of a Wal-Mart.
Hackers were able to hack into the President of Syria's email because his password was "12345." When he found out, the President of Syria immediately changed his password to "678910."
Los Angeles County health officials say a bacteria that caused hundreds of illnesses at the Playboy mansion was found in a hot tub.  Officials said, "It's always the first place you look."
President Trump and Republican Senator Bob Corker are in a feud after Corker compared the White House to a day care center. When they heard this, 3-year-olds everywhere said, "Oh no - do not lump us in with that guy."
Sunday’s game was the most watched Super Bowl in history. It was a hit with fans of both football and whatever the Broncos were playing.
Doctors say that Flamin’ Hot Cheetos are sending children to the emergency room. So here’s my question: What AM I supposed to feed my kids for breakfast?
According to a recent study, redheads have more sex than other people.  Apparently, the study was conducted when I was out of the country.
President Obama has appointed Jon Bon Jovi to a White House Council that works to solve community problems.  Obama made the decision because he thought it would be fun to say at least once, "Get Bon Jovi on it!"
A spy agency in South Korea says it has solved the mystery of Kim Jong-Un’s six-week absence. Turns out he was at Burning Man.
Google has gotten rid of their corporate motto, "Don't Be Evil." They’ve replaced it with the motto, "MWA-ha-ha-ha…"
During the European MTV Music Awards, Miley Cyrus went on stage and twerked with a dwarf. It’s a pretty sad day when you have to ask a dwarf how HE could stoop so low.
The makers of "The Hangover Part II" have settled a copyright infringement case with a tattoo artist who said they stole his design for Ed Helms' tattoo. Still pending is the plagiarism lawsuit being brought by the plot of "The Hangover I."
"The Hobbit" came out on Friday and some critics are saying it's too long. In fact, one critic was so angry he walked out only two days into the film. 
In the upcoming 2012 election, political analysts are now saying that Oprah Winfrey can help deliver President Obama the white, working class female vote.  Analysts also say Dr. Phil can help deliver the crucial fake doctor vote.
After Air Force One landed in Israel, Donald Trump reached for Melania’s hand and she slapped it away. So we’ve been wrong all this time - they apparently do have a normal marriage.
Experts are saying that the highlight of the Democratic Convention’s first night was Michelle Obama’s speech. In fact, Melania Trump said she already knows it by heart.
There's a new smart phone app that can help you determine if someone is cheating on you. The app is called, "Craig's List."
According to a new study, red wine provides no health benefits for people who are overweight. But red wine does provide some benefits for the people who have to sleep with them.
A 13-year-old girl has become the world’s youngest psychologist. Each session is an hour and she takes cash, checks or Instagram likes.
I no longer think Trump conspired with Russia to win the election, because he would have bragged about it to a barista by now.
The US Postmaster General said the Postal Service has to raise postage rates due to terrible financial troubles. He conveyed this news in an email.
A movie about a monster who's half-man, half-alligator opened this weekend. It's called "The Steven Tyler Story."
A man in Wisconsin has a condition that makes him orgasm 100 times per day. He’s being described as "happy."
President Obama has announced that next month he’s gonna visit his 50th state, South Dakota. Obama’s exact words were, "Let’s get this shit over with."
After his disappointing showing among Evangelicals, Mike Huckabee dropped out of the race. Huckabee said, "On the bright side, now I can stop going to church."
The best assemble-yourself furniture comes with a few spare screws, spare bolts, and a pint of O-positive blood.
The new Republican health care bill is out, and the bad news is, older people still pay more than younger people. Of course the good news is, they don’t pay more for long.
Because of the scandals, "The O'Reilly Factor" has lost 2/3 of its advertisers in one week. On the bright side, United Airlines is still with him!
Arizona has elected the nation's first openly bi-sexual Congresswoman. Yeah – Apparently she did very well with swing voters.
Mexico is now the largest market in the world for erectile dysfunction pills. The good news is, it's now easier to spot illegal immigrants coming across the border.
The head of the TSA announced he’s retiring. His employees toasted him with less than three ounces of champagne.
Jay-Z has already recorded and released a song about his newborn daughter, Blue Ivy.  The song is called, "Don't Blame Me, Your Mother Named You."
The top choice to be the new Pope could be a Canadian.  If elected Pope, his first act will be to grant saint hood to Wayne Gretzki and Celine Dion.
“Glee” is making a special episode dedicated entirely to Lady Gaga. But in a way, isn’t every episode of “Glee” dedicated to Lady Gaga?
At a gathering of conservative politicians this past weekend, a Sarah Palin impersonator drew more of a crowd than the real Mitt Romney.  On the bright side, the fake Sarah Palin had some pretty good ideas.
Fox announced "American Idol" will be cancelled next year. To add insult to injury, Ryan Seacrest was told the bad news by Fox executives who spun around in big red chairs.
Thanks to "Breaking Bad," the ratings for AMC have skyrocketed.  And you know what else has skyrocketed? The number of high school kids now taking chemistry.
Today, Jack-in-the-Box offered 2 free tacos to all their customers who came in after 2 o'clock. No one took them up on it.
In New York, a couple who divorced 50 years ago are getting remarried. And believe me, there is nothing hotter than half-century-old make up sex.
Pizza Hut has introduced a new pizza that contains multiple cheeseburgers stuffed within the crust. It's the first pizza that comes with your choice of soda or "an intervention."
Scientists are developing a "super banana" that’s packed with more vitamins.  In other words, they’ve stolen my pick-up line from college.
Back home in the Philippines, Manny Pacquiao is a congressman. Which may explain why he didn’t do much of anything the other night.
Donald Trump is now saying he’s ready to run a "different kind of campaign." That’s right, he talked it over with his team and he’s ready to make the big transition from trainwreck to shitshow.
The shortlist of candidates for Time Magazine's "Person of the Year" apparently includes Caitlyn Jenner, Vladimir Putin, and Donald Trump. Caitlyn Jenner said, "Those two men are the reason I identify as a woman."
Today is Groundhog Day—Today Punxutawney Phil poked his head out of his hole and predicted that winter was almost over.  Then he was hit by 15 feet of snow and froze to death.
McDonald’s has released a video showing how the McRib is made. It all starts when two adult McRibs love each other very much.
Little Caesar’s just introduced a giant deep-dish pizza with a crust wrapped in 3 feet of bacon. Two hours ago, Pizza Hut surrendered.
Oprah was shopping in Switzerland recently and a Swiss clerk refused to show her a $38,000 purse because she didn’t think Oprah could afford it.  To prove a point, Oprah bought Switzerland.
During a Donald Trump rally yesterday, a man was kicked out for yelling, "This is boring." The man then went to a Jeb Bush rally and realized he owed Trump an apology.
This week, two female skiers made history by finishing with the exact same time and each winning a gold medal. They also launched a new porn site, "Two Girls, One Podium."
President Obama’s approval rating in the US is at its lowest point ever, 41%. After hearing this, the president said, "When did I become less popular in this country than soccer?" 
Right here in Burbank, they've installed the world's first caviar vending machine.  It's all part of an initiative to cheer up Mitt Romney.
Whenever I feel like L.A. is sketchy, I remind myself that most of its van-based tattoo removal clinics are “Fully Bonded."
Pope Francis has warned the media to stop spreading false information. Or as the media reported it, "World’s Top Rabbi Says 'Keep Up The Good Work!'"
Hillary Clinton criticized Donald Trump during an interview on Telemundo. Clinton knew if there’s one place where you can criticize Trump without him finding out about it, it’s on Telemundo.
There are now over 1 billion websites in the world. And 4 of them are not devoted to porn.
In his early days in the Texas State Legislature Rick Perry used to wear his jeans so tight that his nickname was "Crotch." I don't know about you, but item #77 on my bucket list is a President of the United States named "Crotch."
On Monday, a Delta flight from Cleveland to New York took off with just 2 passengers. Yet somehow, they spent the whole flight fighting over the armrest.
It’s only gotten more and more awkward in recent weeks that "Bernie" and "Hillary" are what I’ve named my testicles.
A bill was recently introduced to the Nevada state legislature that would allow dogs to use medical marijuana. And folks, you thought dogs loved playing Frisbee before.
It’s very considerate that all theaters showing "Project X" have a special “Creepy Older Guy” section.
A document seized at Osama bin Laden's compound reveals that bin Laden wanted to attack and punish Hollywood. The document is a screenplay bin Laden wrote entitled "Yogi Bear II: The Wrath of Boo-Boo."
The Governor of Rhode Island is being criticized for being too politically correct because he calls the Christmas tree at the Statehouse a "Holiday Tree." Meanwhile, hardcore conservatives want to call the tree a "USA Jesus Stick."
DC Comics has announced that the Green Lantern is their first major superhero who's gay.  When reached for comment, Aquaman said, "Yeah, maybe on land, bitch."
In anticipation of the Winter Olympics, a female curling champion released some sexy photos of herself curling in lingerie. When asked for comment, Americans said, "Still not going to watch curling." 
Yesterday, the Marine Corps' top general suggested that allowing gay soldiers on the battlefield would pose "a distraction." Then he added, "Especially the really hot ones."
Polling across the country shows the Presidential race is neck and neck. It's an even tie between "Not Barack Obama" and "Not Mitt Romney."
When I die, I want to become a blue hologram who follows Jedis around, making fun of their hairstyles.
They have chosen a new voice to play "Dora the Explorer."  I just want to say, thank you for the opportunity.  Vamanaos! We did it, Backpack!
The San Diego Chargers have announced plans to move to Los Angeles. However, they’re taking the I-5, so they won’t be here for eight years.
Queen Elizabeth met the Royal Baby for the first time yesterday.  The baby cried until Queen Elizabeth explained that he’ll never have to work a day in his life.
In a recent poll, Red Lobster was voted one of the top 10 places that cheaters like to bring their dates. Which explains Red Lobster's new slogan "A Shameful Act Calls for a Shameful Meal."
Just found a great recipe on Buzzfeed for “Easy One-Ingredient Banana Slices.”
President Obama has unveiled his plan to finally shut down Guantanamo Bay. And to make sure no one ever goes in there again, Obama is handing it over to the people who run Radio Shack.
Over the weekend, an elderly woman flashed her chest at Dodger Stadium on the Jumbotron. It’s all part of a new baseball tradition, "The 7th inning stretch marks."
Herman Cain and Newt Gingrich said that next month they will take part in a series of Abraham Lincoln-Stephen Douglas style debates.  Actually, the only similarity to the Lincoln-Douglas debates is that no one will watch them on television.
A new study says that children are suffering bad health effects from eating too much pizza. The study was explained in a pie chart which children immediately tried to eat.
A new study reveals that straight men who watch porn are more likely to support same-sex marriage. The study also found that straight men who don't watch porn are lying.  
I hate to be an Irish literary nerd but the only adult film I’ve ever seen is "Dubliners, Double-Teamed," starring the amazing Joyce James.
Did they really get a guy named "Christian" to play Moses?
A new study claims that women are healthier without their bras.  The announcement was made by 3 guys trying to keep a straight face. 
The latest rumor is that one of the Olsen twins is getting married.  When asked which one, her fiancé said, "Who cares?"
I would try soy hot dogs, but I’m afraid they’re full of soy lips and snouts.
The woman who attempted to rob Alex Trebek's hotel room could face 25 years in prison.  Even worse, while she waits for the judge's decision, they're going to make her listen to that Jeopardy music.
Sorry my voice is a little bit shot. I've been Christmas Caroling with Metallica.
Despite Donald Trump’s tough stance on immigration, Trump Modeling Agency is being accused of hiring lower-paid foreign models. In his defense, Trump says those aren’t laborers, those are "future wives."
Is there anything more satisfying than gnawing on a small piece of sandpaper? Yes.
In a recent interview, Ted Cruz’s wife, Heidi, said Donald Trump’s nasty tweet about her looks did not impact her. Heidi Cruz said, "Part of my marriage vow to Ted was to give up all human feeling."
It's being reported that when Mike Pence was in college he ratted on his fraternity for having a keg. Pence told his fraternity brothers, "Beer? The next thing you know you’ll be inviting women over!"
It was probably a mistake to pick Hogwarts in my March Madness bracket.
Last night, Donald Trump said if he’s elected, he will employ a "deportation task force." It’s not really necessary, because if he’s elected most people will probably leave voluntarily.
Some scientists want to replace the handshake with the fist bump. Others want to replace the fist bump with the “tush push.”
In New Jersey, a blind man has won his legal battle and will be allowed to keep his guns.  Unfortunately, he's already in trouble for holding up a mailbox.
We may be taking the Confederate Flag thing too far. Just saw a history book say the Civil War began when the Union was fired on by REDACTED.
Last night at a casino in Las Vegas, Donald Trump declared, "I expect to win Iowa." Which is odd because, usually when Trump is around a casino, the only thing he declares is bankruptcy.
According to scientists, the moon is the closest it’s been to the Earth since 1948. Apparently, the moon is worried and wants to know what the hell is going on down here.
When asked if he was running for Senate in 2018, Kid Rock said, "F*** no." That kind of language can only mean one thing, he’s running for president.
As some of my younger fans know, today is 4/20 and it just happens to coincide with Passover.  So I'm finally starting to understand why the Jews wandered around in the desert for 40 years.
Since yesterday's primaries, Rick Santorum's campaign has received $250,000 in donations. When Mitt Romney heard this, he said, "$250,000?  Aww, that's cute!"
Tom Cruise is being accused of having the Church of Scientology "audition" women to be his wife. I don't know what the problem is - at least someone in this economy is actually still hiring. 
President Trump announced he will nominate a new Supreme Court Justice sometime next week. Trump said, "I just need a few more days to come up with someone completely unqualified."
Ben & Jerry’s is suing a porn company. I hate it when my two favorite things to binge on aren’t getting along.
The White House is undergoing a $3.4 million renovation. Trump said he’s hoping to replace the kitchen, the carpeting, and the Attorney General.
In a speech, Donald Trump said thousands of people in the United States are "sick with hate." Then Trump said, "I’d like to thank them for their support."
Medical marijuana is finally legal in Nevada. Just in case people needed one more way to help them make a bad decision in Nevada.
Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino was arrested for getting in a fight with his brother at a tanning salon. This marks a disturbing trend in orange-on-orange violence.
This drought is getting really bad. Today at lunch, my waiter asked if I wanted a glass of water or a future for my children.
This morning, President Obama met with Britain’s Prince William in the Oval Office. It was a meeting between a symbolic ruler with no real power, and the future King of England.
According to a recent survey, 20% of Americans use the internet "almost constantly." The other 80% only stop using it when their spouse walks into the room.
The "Duck Dynasty" cast has added a new puppy to the show. Unfortunately, Phil Robertson fired the puppy after he saw it sniffing another dog’s butt.
Some Evangelical Christians claim that because this year’s Starbucks holiday cup doesn't have any Christmas symbols, Starbucks hates Jesus. In response, a spokesman for Starbucks said, "We like anyone who can turn water into something we can charge $7 a cup for."
In Washington D.C. yesterday, vandals spray-painted graffiti on the Lincoln Memorial. Historians are calling it the second worst thing to ever happen to Abraham Lincoln.
Earlier today, former President George W. Bush appeared on "Oprah Winfrey."  When asked about being the leader of the free world, Oprah Winfrey said, "It's not bad."
Goldman Sachs has sold their shares in the New York paper "Village Voice" because its back page has ads for prostitution. Goldman Sachs said the only people that should pay to get screwed are their clients.
The Royal Family has reportedly burned through its money and is strapped for cash. In fact, Queen Elizabeth needs money so badly she’s now co-starring in the next Nicolas Cage movie.
The best way to see if you have bad breath is to lick the back of your hand, let it dry, and then smell it.  Because why be known as "that guy with bad breath" when you could be known as "that hand licking weirdo."
In Philadelphia, police are looking for a man who robbed a Dunkin' Donuts, and was caught on a surveillance camera doing some stretches in the parking lot just beforehand. Police are on the lookout for the only health conscious person to ever enter a Dunkin' Donuts.
McDonalds has released a new video showing how it makes the Chicken McNuggets. Apparently, it turns out McNuggets aren’t made out of chicken - they’re made out of people who ask too many questions about McNuggets.
Senator Ted Cruz is running for President and he says he wants to abolish the IRS. So today, Cruz was endorsed by Nicolas Cage, Wesley Snipes, and Willie Nelson.
If Voldemort is such a powerful wizard, why can’t he conjure up a new nose?
The preserved forearm of a sixteenth-century saint is on a tour across Canada. And get this... tickets are still available.
President Obama gave the order for Osama bin Laden to be killed by Navy Seals. When he heard about it, former President Bush was furious and said, "Wait a minute – I could have used seals???"
True story: I was watching the Super Bowl, and for the first hour, I was like, "These guys are just standing around doing nothing!" And then one of my kids told me I had forgotten to turn off "Madden 2015."
According to a new survey, 50% of people said they would have sex with a co-worker at a holiday party.  The other half are women.
Nick Cannon said that he and his wife Mariah Carey have sex to Mariah Carey music.  Which goes to show you, guys will do anything to have sex.
It was reported on Friday that Paula Deen fired her publicist.  Her publicist is calling it “Black Friday” and I can’t repeat what Paula Deen is calling it.
People are already trying to figure out what to call Bill Clinton if Hillary is elected President. So far, the most popular choices are "The First Man," "The First Husband," and "That Naked Guy Running Across the South Lawn."
Hey Pope - want to get booed? Go to any sporting event in Philly.
A publisher just asked me to write my autobiography, but they want it to be about Johnny Depp.
In Georgia, a man stole a car because he didn't feel like walking to a fast food restaurant. He's being charged with "Everything That's Wrong with America."
In honor of International Women’s Day, Snapchat added famous women to their selfie lenses. Snapchat called it "the perfect way to honor the enduring contributions of women for 10 seconds."
People are bidding for a private lunch with billionaire investor Warren Buffett and so far the bidding has reached over $2 million. Buffett says the first financial tip he'll give the winner is "try not to spend two million dollars on lunch."
A Michigan elementary school teacher has sparked outrage because she has removed the word "gay" from the song "Deck the Halls."  Not only that, but she won't even let the kids sing "Here Comes Santa Claus."
Today, President Obama personally called and talked to the two lesbians who helped legalize gay marriage in California. It was awkward at first because the women had to put Bill Clinton on hold.
I've had a fantastic in Atlanta.  I'm leaving with many new friends, great memories and type 2 diabetes.
I’ve never gotten into a bar fight, unless you count the time I argued with that bartender who claimed to be out of drink umbrellas.
A new study shows that Americans with Type 2 diabetes can completely reverse the disease by eating healthy foods.  In other words, no cure for Type 2 diabetes.
In Virginia, a pizza shop owner is giving discounts to customers who bring a gun into the restaurant. I hate to break it to them, but every store has that discount.
Today at the White House Easter festivities, Melania Trump kicked things off by blowing a whistle. Then again, most women standing near Donald Trump end up having to blow a whistle.
The Australian Olympic team is refusing to check into the Olympic Village saying it is "uninhabitable." Then after checking into a Day’s Inn, the team said, "Never mind."
A man in Oregon is suing a hospital over hernia surgery that he claims left him with an 80-pound scrotum. Also suing is the guy at the hospital whose job is weighing scrotums.
This week, Al Gore said he is not ready to endorse Hillary Clinton. Meanwhile, Hillary said she’s not ready to give a sh**.
It’s being reported Yahoo might be changing its name to Altaba. The announcement was made so people could get a jump start on saying, "you’re still using Altaba?"
It's been reported that Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich had a secret meeting.  Apparently, Romney asked Gingrich if he'd consider being his running mate and Gingrich asked Romney, "Are you going to finish those fries?"
Some mothers are turning to Facebook to buy breast milk for their babies. Call me old fashioned – but why can't they just get breast milk where nature intended them to get it: On Craigslist.
Donald Trump will be the first US President ever to have appeared in an ad for Pizza Hut. In fact, some pundits are predicting Trump will run in 2020 against Flo from Progressive.
San Diego has started building a border wall. Not to keep out immigrants, but to keep the LA Chargers from coming back.
A group of Burger King employees have been fired for taking a photo of themselves with their feet in the restaurant's lettuce. A spokesman for Burger King said, "Great – There goes our secret recipe."
A class-action lawsuit has been filed against Taco Bell for false advertising.  The lawsuit is the result of Taco Bell's new slogan, "You Might Not Get Diarrhea."
More than 47,000 people have signed a petition to allow guns at the Republican National Convention. And every single one of them is a Democrat.
Yesterday, Chris Brown was accused of assaulting a man in Las Vegas. Boxing fans are glad at least somebody got punched in Las Vegas this week.
In a speech today, Donald Trump blasted Hillary Clinton calling her "a world class liar" and "the most corrupt person to seek the presidency." Trump then said, "Wait a second, I think I’m in love."
For the first time ever, both Super Bowl teams are coached by brothers. Today, their father told them, "Boys, no matter what happens, I'll only be disappointed in one of you."
A new study found that Donald Trump's speeches are at a 5th grade level. In other words, he’s speaking two grades above his supporters.
A British scientist claims he’s created a substitute for alcohol that provides a buzz and no hangover. This amazing new substance is called, "pot."
After losing in Wisconsin, there has been a big shake-up in the Trump campaign staff. In fact, the guy in charge of racist comments is now in charge of sexist comments.
Yesterday, FBI Director James Comey got a letter from President Trump informing him that his services were no longer needed. After hearing this, Melania Trump said, "I would kill for one of those letters."
Carrie Fisher has reportedly lost 40 pounds for the upcoming Star Wars movie. And Chewbacca got a full Brazilian wax.
It is Valentine’s Day. And if you’re finding out right now, you’re either single or you’re about to be single.
JC Penney's new ads thank customers for "coming back to us."  Then the customers explained, "We're only coming back to return crap we bought at JC Penney." 
Jeb Bush spent 130 million dollars and didn’t win a single state. Jeb spent yesterday commiserating with his campaign manager Nicolas Cage.
The latest rumor in Hollywood is that Kirstie Alley picks up young men by promising them movie roles.  Meanwhile, young men pick up Kirstie by promising her "cinnamon rolls."
The other day, the CEO of Apple apologized for problems in the iPhone's new map program.  The CEO made the apology in a field 20 miles from where the press conference was supposed to take place.
The FDA is warning that tattoos can lead to skin infections. It’s in their new report, titled "Tattoos: Finally Something About Them That Might Come Back to Haunt You."
Scientists claim that half of the world’s languages will be dead by the end of the century. So I learned Klingon for nothing.
Donald Trump said that there will not be another black president for a while because President Obama is not doing a good job. Of course, by that standard there won’t be another white president for at least 100 years.
The co-founder of Burt’s Bees was forced out of the company for having an affair with an employee. He was caught during a sting operation.
This week, Oprah Winfrey will interview 8 members of the Kardashian family.  It's in an episode of Oprah Winfrey's show entitled, "I Can't Believe It's Come to This."
Not a good day. Just learned that not only did I not get a Golden Globe nomination for my role in "Trumbo," apparently I'm not even in it.
A new report claims that Disney does not have enough gay, lesbian or bisexual characters in its movies. Then Olaf the snowman from "Frozen" said, "Oh yeah - you have no idea where this carrot’s been."
Texas Governor Rick Perry said being gay is like being an alcoholic. He said, "In both cases, you’re sipping something you shouldn’t."
A new study shows that women start to feel old at 29, but men don't feel old until they're 58.  This explains at least two of Larry King's marriages.
This week in Ohio, Mitt Romney has been trying to present himself as a blue-collar candidate.  Unfortunately, it doesn't help that his opening line is, "Hello, my fellow peasants!"
The producers of the Broadway musical "Spiderman" have come up with a new ending. It's called "Telling the investors all their money is gone."
Toy-maker Mattel announced that they are updating the Ken doll to be based on a real-life football player. Which explains why the new Ken doll has already fathered ten Skippers by eight Barbies.
Scientists have discovered that there is such a thing as a "breast orgasm."  So sorry ladies, that's one more orgasm you're going to have to fake. 
Lots of people buy “2000 Flushes”, but I’m probably the only one who counts every one of them.
The other day in prison, Charles Manson was caught with a cell phone underneath his mattress.  And you thought it was creepy getting a text from Brett Favre…
A new Republican attack ad claims that President Obama is too focused on being cool. President Obama hasn't responded to the ad because he was too busy snowboarding with the boy band "One Direction."
The family of openly gay NFL prospect Michael Sam says they only found out he was gay from watching ESPN. Meanwhile, Michael Sam found out he was gay from watching Bravo.
President Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is in the Middle East to broker a historic peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Kushner thinks real progress will start once both sides stop laughing.
PETA is criticizing Nintendo's new game, Super Mario 3D Land because Mario wears fur. Yet for some reason, PETA is totally cool with Mario's lifetime abuse of turtles. 
There's a new weight-loss machine that will suck food from your stomach. The machine is called "your index finger."
On Monday, Rev. Pat Robertson said that if more states legalize gay marriage, God will destroy America. And then, God will rebuild America into the greatest dance club the world has ever known.
Sunday night was the series finale of "Downton Abbey." But don’t worry, if you still want to hear a bunch of rich white people talking like it’s the 1920's, tune in to the next Republican debate.
Rihanna broke up with Chris Brown after she caught him cheating with a waitress. Rihanna said she knew something was up when Brown came home with another woman's lipstick on his knuckles.
It just came out that two men from Ireland snuck into the Super Bowl and sat in seats valued at $25,000. Apparently, they were able to sneak in because they were dressed as dancing sharks.
According to a new survey, ten percent of all parents regret the name they gave their baby. Well, I for one have no regrets about my two little angels, Kanye and Snooki.
The Baltimore Ravens first-round pick was arrested on robbery charges. In other words, he’s going to fit right in.
An exact replica of the Titanic is scheduled to set sail in 2018. The good news is by 2018, there will be no icebergs left to sink it.
It was reported that the other night in Miami, Leonardo DiCaprio left a party with 20 women. That’s nothing, when I was single I could make 30 women leave a party.
Donors to President Obama's campaign were promised exclusive access to Joe Biden.  And, for an extra $10,000, absolutely no access to Joe Biden.
For the next week, nearly 2,400 Marines and sailors from Camp Pendleton are conducting training drills throughout Downtown Los Angeles. When they arrived, one soldier was overheard saying, "Wow, Iraq is scarier than I thought."
According to a new study, "The Hunger Games" is now surpassing "Twilight" as the primary cultural influence on new baby names. So finally some good news for my two children "Crossbow" and "Woody Harrelson."
Can anyone recommend a good video game that requires zero skill and is just a yo-yo?
President Obama is urging Americans who are having trouble with the Obamacare website to sign up for healthcare by calling a 1-800 number. The number is 1-800-We-Didn’t-Think-This-Through.
Yesterday in Massachusetts, Bill Clinton may have violated the law by walking into a polling place and taking photos with voters. It’s being called the lamest Bill Clinton scandal in history.
Got in a fight about the Treaty of Versailles. I said the German fines were too punitive; the guy at Starbucks said buy something or leave.
A man has won an $8,000 settlement from Disneyland after he got stuck on their "It's a Small World" ride. The man said he'll use the money to cut out that part of his brain that won't stop playing "It's a Small World Afterall."
According to a new study, people who have sex the night before are more productive at work the following day. Well that’s all the comedy I have, goodnight everybody!
At a track meet last weekend, a 100-year-old woman won a gold medal in her age group in the 100 meter dash. Her opponents dropped out of the race in 1987.
Six years ago Newscorp bought MySpace for $580 million. Last week they sold it for $35 million. Today I saw it on eBay for 88 bucks.
The news of Osama bin Laden's death interrupted last night's "Celebrity Apprentice."  Which begs the question: How do we kill bin Laden again next Sunday?
Scientists are testing a new product that's being referred to as "Viagra for women." The new product is called, "White Wine."
Yesterday, Beyonce was spotted shopping in a Target. There was an awkward moment at the cash register when Beyonce was rung up by the other members of Destiny’s Child.
The Italian press is reporting that the next pope could be the Cardinal from Boston.  If he gets the job, he'll be the first Pope to make you kiss his 2007 World Series ring.
The campaign to put a woman on the $20 bill has been narrowed to four finalists. The four finalists are Rosa Parks, Harriet Tubman, Eleanor Roosevelt, and Flo from the Progressive ads.
Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said she cannot take a position in the Trump Administration because she has four young children. She said, "This would mean taking care of one more."
There are literally no words for how vibrantly prismatic I find the technicolor hues of a rainbow.
It’s being reported that Justin Bieber and his crew are under investigation after they were involved in a night-club brawl. Police want to find out how the fight got started and also, how Justin Bieber got a “crew.”
The government has unveiled a new website that predicts your financial worth after graduating college. It doesn’t give a number, it just tells you which Starbucks you’ll be working at and for how long.
As of today Washington State has legalized both marijuana and gay marriage. So today, men all over Washington have two different reasons to say "I love you man."
Chris Brown is being charged with a hit and run and Brown claims the charges are bogus.  Brown said, “I would never hit someone with my car.”
In New York, a man dressed as Cookie Monster was arrested for pushing a 2-year old. The man was immediately hired to be the new basketball coach at Rutgers.
It’s hard to believe that Los Angeles was settled in 1956 by the Dutch.
The world's heaviest woman is trying to lose weight by having more sex. Meanwhile, her husband is trying to lose weight by running like hell.
Apple’s next iPhone update will include 300 new racially-diverse emojis. They’re adding one African American emoji and 299 white emojis who brag about having a black friend.
Scientists say they have discovered evidence of the mating habits of dinosaurs. What they found are giant footprints from the world’s first "Walk of Shame."
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have reached a divorce agreement. They agreed on a 50-50 split: she takes 50 kids, he takes the other 50.
This morning, the CEO of Jet Blue went on the "Today" show and he tried to explain why their pilot went crazy. Apparently, the CEO is blaming it all on Jet Blue's new free snack, "Meth-Flavored Terra Blue Potato Chips."
The figures are in, and Michelle Obama's convention speech got higher ratings than Ann Romney's. And tonight the Democrats are aiming even higher when President Obama is introduced by new DNC chair Honey Boo Boo.
Delta Airlines is under fire for refusing to let a woman openly breastfeed on a flight. Or as male passengers call it "In-Flight Entertainment."
Evangelical Christian and Presidential candidate Mike Huckabee is coming under fire for making insensitive jokes about being transgender. To make it up to the transgender community, he’s changing his name to Mike Tuckabee.
Here in Los Angeles, an elementary school is in trouble for letting a porn star come and read a Dr. Seuss book to the kids.  The Dr. Seuss book she read them was "The Cat in the Other Cat."
There’s a rumor that the White House is going to find a new place for Press Secretary Sean Spicer. All they told Spicer was "it’s on a big farm upstate where you can run and play with all the other Press Secretaries…"
Wal-Mart has decided to pull down its Osama Bin Laden costumes from its Halloween shelves. Which is a shame, because this year I was planning to go as "Slutty Osama."
An Oklahoma man appeared on Antiques Roadshow and broke the show's record with an item worth $1.5 million. The item was the state of Oklahoma.
According to a new study, 10% of vegetarian "hot dogs" contain meat. So if you’ve ever enjoyed a vegetarian hot dog, now you know why.
A motel owner in Colorado revealed that he spent 29 years watching his customers have sex. He finally stopped when he got cable.
Health officials say there’s a new trend of women using marijuana during their pregnancy. Which explains why this year’s most popular baby name is "Funyuns."
In a recent interview, Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi said she no longer wants to be referred to as "Snooki."  Snooki says from now on, she'd just like to be called "That slutty orange thing."
This week, Disney is set to begin construction on a Disneyland in China.  China says their Disneyland is being built "for children, BY children."
According to new polls, Mitt Romney does very well with Republican voters who make more than $200,000.  Or as Romney calls them, trailer trash.
Facebook has apologized to a mom for removing breastfeeding pics - the only baby pictures on Facebook that anyone has ever wanted to see.
Everyone loves the "poop emoji," but I’m telling you, beneath that smile there are worlds of pain.
The biggest winner on Black Friday was Costco, which saw a 9% increase in sales.  So kids, I hope you're excited to rush downstairs Christmas morning and tear open a 12-gallon barrel of olives!
Oprah Winfrey introduced her long-lost half- sister and had her on her show today.  When asked for comment, Oprah Winfrey's half-sister said, "Guess what mo-fo's, I'm rich!"
They announced the official name of the US military action in Libya and it's called "Operation Odyssey Dawn."  The original title was the much more vague "Operation-Stripper's-Name-Followed-Immediately-By-Different-Stripper's-Name."
Scientists are looking into the world's oldest murder case, a man who was murdered 5,000 years ago.  Larry King immediately came forward with an alibi.
Last night, for the first time in 24 years, Jupiter and Venus appeared almost on top of each other. So, the gay marriage ruling is having more of an impact than we thought.
Last week, disgraced congressman Anthony Weiner was sentenced to a medical center for sex offenders. The other sex offenders told Weiner, "Hey, it’s nice to finally put a face with the penis."
In the Wisconsin primary, Ted Cruz beat Donald Trump in Trump’s key demographic: voters with only a high school degree. This was due to Ted Cruz’s new campaign slogan: "Let’s Blow Off Algebra And Get High."
Thinking of removing my calf implants. My eyes are up here, ladies.
During the Miss America pageant, Miss Nebraska accidentally flashed her underwear, and some think that's why she lost. Miss Nebraska said if she could do it all over again, she wouldn't have worn underwear.
General Mills has announced they're making a new flavor of Cheerios made with quinoa. At the bottom of each box is a special prize - Cheerios NOT made with quinoa.
Earlier today, Sarah Palin gave a speech in South Korea. Just what the Koreans needed: Two crazy dictators in fashionable ladies' glasses.
NASA’s Mars Rover has just completed a "marathon," travelling 26.2 miles. And once again, it was beaten by a Mars Rover from Kenya.
It’s been reported that the Pope has been calling people personally and offering relationship advice. And sometimes he’ll just sit on the line, listening, and chime in, “DAMN, girl!”
You all have a nice Thanksgiving?  I went back to Boston to visit my family and I can't tell you how good it is to be back in a room full of total strangers.
The Pope has released his first-ever Tweet over Twitter.  Trying to reach as wide an audience as possible, all he Tweeted was "I bless thee in the name of the Father, the Gaga, and the Holy Bieber."
A judge in Indiana has ruled it is legal to take a selfie while voting. The judge also said it’s ok to send a d*** pic while waiting in line at the post office.
One of the things revealed in Hillary Clinton’s emails is that she doesn’t know how to charge an iPad. Today, Bill Clinton said, "That’s funny, she’s REALLY good at checking an iPad’s browser history."
The FAA is investigating why a drone appeared in the sky during a San Diego Padres game. Authorities have already ruled out the possibility that someone wanted to actually watch a Padres game.
The porn industry is angry about a new law requiring condoms and they're threatening to leave Los Angeles. Let me tell you something Porn—  you can leave Los Angeles, but you can never leave my hard drive.
A recent study found that the planet Uranus has a twin planet 25,000 light years away. The twin planet of Uranus is called, "Myanus."
A new survey shows that the average American man’s penis is 5.6 inches long. I don’t know about you— but I think it’s time we switched over to the metric system.  (I’m packing 142 millimeters).
The other night, President Obama was paying tribute to Aretha Franklin when he messed up the spelling of her iconic song "Respect." President Obama blamed his speech coach, John Travolta.
Happy 10th Anniversary to PornHub, a website I just now heard about. Seriously. Just now.
A group is lobbying to replace Andrew Jackson’s picture on the $20 bill with a picture of a historic woman. So you better get used to saying, "Hey, can you break an Oprah?"
Honey Boo Boo’s father, Sugar Bear, is denying charges that he cheated on Honey Boo Boo’s mother, Mama June. It’s being called the worst children’s bedtime story of all time.
Researchers say a "Like" on Facebook can reveal if you're a gay man. Especially if what you choose to Like is "Penises."
This is the ideal time in the season to either plant tomatoes or enter into a land war with Russia, I forget which.
At the Chicago Cubs game on Tuesday, people were surprised when a fan caught a foul ball while feeding his baby. People were shocked - not that he was holding a baby - but because someone wearing a Cubs hat caught a ball.
Donald Trump has been endorsed by a whites-only group. In response, Trump said, "I’m proud to be the official candidate of the US Ski Team."
President Obama has recently pledged three billion dollars to aid poor nations. All three billion is going to the United States.  
A 13-year-old boy from China will play in an international pro golf tournament. The boy says he has a unique advantage, since he's the one who made the golf ball.
Some people think it’s weird that I maintain full, uninterrupted eye contact while my dog humps my leg.
Mayor Bloomberg said that, now that he's banned large sodas in New York City, his next target will be alcohol.  Once that's out of the way, he'll start his crusade against the laughter of children.
"Star Wars" creator George Lucas and his wife recently welcomed their first child. As is Lucas’ way, he won’t tell the child he’s the father until episode five.
Today is Ann and Mitt Romney's 43rd wedding anniversary. This means 43 years ago, Mitt proposed to his wife and, due to a weak field of candidates, she said "yes."
It's being rumored that Charlie Sheen has asked for his rehab to go as quickly as possible so that all the people who depend on him financially can get back to work. His exact words were, "Please your Honor—these hookers have families to feed!"
The dog whisperer, Cesar Millan, tweeted that he is alive despite reports that he had died. Or MAYBE right before he died he trained his dog to tweet?
It's been revealed that North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, recently got married. So, congratulations to Kim Jong-un and his new wife, Katie Holmes!
Just read an alarming statistic: by the age of four, the average child has already seen over 3,000 hours of GEICO commercials.
Lindsay Lohan said she does not need rehab because she has no problems with alcohol.  However, Lindsay did admit that her car is a total drunk. 
Last night, Taylor Swift attended the CMT awards with her brother as her date. In a related story, Taylor is now writing her weirdest breakup song yet.
Los Angeles is being hit by strong winds, and a lot of people lost power. Of course the good news is that here in L.A. for 17 minutes the Kardashians were not on television.
During a campaign rally yesterday, Donald Trump said, "You think Hillary Clinton could stand up here for an hour?" Then he debuted his new campaign slogan, "I can stand up for an hour."
During a political protest on Capitol Hill today, eighty-two rabbis were arrested. It’s the first time DC police have dispersed a crowd by spraying them with Bacon Bits.
According to a new study, drinking too much soda can reduce a man’s fertility. Guess I’d better stop drinking “Doc Brown’s Vasectomy Pop.”
Yahoo redesigned its homepage in an effort to get people to visit more frequently.  They've also changed their URL to Google.com."
The new Congress is 80% white, 80% male, and 92% Christian, yet it’s the most diverse Congress in history. It’s kind of like that time two black guys showed up at a Mumford and Sons concert.
In a speech yesterday, former President Bill Clinton said that Rick Perry is "a good-looking rascal."  This was part of a speech Clinton gave entitled, "I'm Looking for a New Wingman."
Yesterday, a fight broke out between the Oakland Raiders and the Dallas Cowboys during a joint practice. Referees told them, "There’s a proper way for NFL players to settle their disputes, and it’s called 'murder.'"
Earlier this week, Michele Bachmann called Planned Parenthood the "Lenscrafters of Abortion."  Yesterday, Lenscrafters released a statement calling Michelle Bachmann the "Costco of Crazy."
American Airlines announced that some of their seats will no longer have video monitors for watching movies. American Airlines is calling this new class of service, "Bring your iPad, A-hole."
The latest rumor in Hollywood is that Snooki is pregnant. The biological father has been narrowed down to "anyone with a penis."
My son wants to play football. I say he goes to prison now and cuts out the middle man.
At his campaign launch, Donald Trump apparently paid extras $50 to cheer for him. Trump said, "Usually when I pay a person to like me, it’s my wife."
China has opened the first ever all robot-waiter restaurant.  The sad part is they were designed to be robot actors.
The storyline of the upcoming "Star Wars" movie has been leaked. The movie starts with R2-D2, Chewbacca and Han Solo waking up in Vegas.
In a new interview, Miley Cyrus says she will "probably never twerk again." Miley said, "There’s too many other things I want to try once and do badly."
A Kentucky woman has been arrested for giving a one-year-old child beer and rum to celebrate Kentucky’s NCAA win. She broke the golden rule of Kentucky childrearing: "Never mix beer and liquor."
I’ve already broken my New Year’s Resolution to not camp out on Jennifer Lawrence’s driveway.
Fox News has started calling the "government shutdown" a "government slimdown." Also according to Fox News: none of the government workers have been furloughed, they just went to go live on a farm.
Martha Stewart is currently in Haiti studying the Haitians' local handcrafts. Martha told the craft makers "It's beautiful, completely inspired, and you're doing it all wrong."
A restaurant in Louisiana is offering customers a 10% discount if they bring a gun. So today everyone showed up with guns saying, "Make it 100%."
There is now a new app that will help you find the nearest bathroom. It’s called the Starbucks app.
Matt Lauer got a public message of support from Geraldo Rivera. In response, Lauer said, "My God, now I’ve really hit rock bottom."
Today, Donald Trump got the endorsement of Sarah Palin. When he heard, John McCain said, "Well, then you’re all set."
China’s stock market went down 8%, France and Germany’s both went down 5%. When asked for comment, Greece said, "boo hoo."
Ah, the dog days of summer. These are truly my salad days. Sunday, Monday, Happy Days. Happy Dog Salad. Ok I’m drunk.
Kim Jung Un is asking a German brewery to build a beer garden in the North Korean capital. Today, Germany said no, saying, "The last time we teamed up with a small Asian country, things got a little crazy."
Yesterday, a man from Kenya won the New York City Marathon. This was a huge upset, because everyone thought a different man from Kenya would win the New York City Marathon.
Borders Books has announced that it expects to find a buyer by the end of July. Not a buyer for the company, just anyone willing to pay them for a book.
Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei has joined Facebook. And you thought Facebook was over when your parents joined…
"Oh bother! I’m all out of hunny," said Winnie the Pooh. "But bears are omnivores," he added, leveling his gaze at Piglet.
Scientists have begun testing the possibility of using sperm to deliver life-saving drugs to specific parts of the female body. But first, they’re going to have guys test this out as a pick up line.
The stolen truck carrying President Obama's Teleprompters has been recovered, but one of the teleprompters is still missing.   Meanwhile, Joe Biden's teleprompter has taken its own life.
Twins separated at birth and living on different continents were reunited via Facebook. The same situation didn’t end as well for another set of twins who found each other on Tinder.
Jon Hamm recently appeared on an episode of Sesame Street. It was the first time toddlers were able plant their moms in front of the TV and ignore them for an hour.
On Saturday, President Trump had back-to-back meetings with the leaders of China and then Japan. There was an awkward moment when Trump asked the leader of Japan, "Hey, didn’t I just meet with you?"
An LSU professor has invented a remarkable cheap & effective homemade device that soaks up oil. It's called "Conan's face in high school".
One of the Navy Seals involved in Bin Laden raid said the first thing he did when he got home was go to Taco Bell.  So apparently, Bin Laden wasn't the only one that night who shit his pants.
In one of his latest rants, Charlie Sheen calls his former co-star Jon Cryer, "a turncoat, a traitor, a troll." Charlie then flipped to a different page in his dictionary and called him "a ukulele, an umbrella, a unicorn…"
He's recuperating, but in Las Vegas, a diner suffered a heart attack while eating at a restaurant called the Heart Attack Grill. Even worse, it totally ruined the man's plans to take his date back to his room at the "Chlamydia Hilton."
Miley Cyrus and her fiancée have officially called off their engagement. So here’s a scary thought: we’re about to see how Miley Cyrus acts when she’s SINGLE.
It's being reported that Snooki is considering filming her childbirth.  Of course, the hard part will be getting the camera into the tanning bed.
According to "Time" magazine, the top Tweet of 2010 was written by John McCain.  Experts say it's even more impressive – considering that McCain thought he was opening his garage door.
Remember: it’s never too late to become a child prodigy.
Mitt Romney has said that he hopes that Florida will be "spared any major destruction" from the hurricane. However, to be safe, he's urging everyone to take cover and strap their dogs to something secure.
A woman in California is suing a hospital after an anesthesiologist drew a mustache on her face during an operation.  The anesthesiologist defended himself by saying, "I’m really bad at drawing penises."
Some are saying, while at Nelson Mandela’s memorial, President Obama flirted with the female prime minister of Denmark right in front of Michelle Obama. Man, if President Obama felt like the flight TO South Africa was long…
According to a new study, women are more attracted to men who talk less.  Which is why you often overhear women say, "Whoa, check out that mime."
The Secret Service prostitution scandal has gotten worse because apparently, agents were also snorting cocaine. However in the agents' defense, hotels in Columbia offer cocaine in the mini-bar.
The set of "Sesame Street" just got a major upgrade, and now Elmo lives in a brownstone apartment. And in another upscale move, Cookie Monster has been replaced by the Gluten-Free Biscotti Monster.
A Turkish Airline crew helped deliver a baby onboard a flight. And then in keeping with the times, the baby was dragged from the plane by security.
I always thought that "Irish step dancing" should be called "Irish, stop dancing."
The NFL's oldest player Jason Hansen said he will be coming back for a 22nd season. When asked if he's worried about 22 seasons of hits to the head, he responded, "No, me football brain good for!"
I am really experiencing “pain at the pump.” I am also really hurting from the price of gas.
Today, Vice President Joe Biden called himself "the poorest man in Congress." Usually in Washington when you hear, "that poor guy," it refers to the person stuck in a conversation with Joe Biden. 
The CEO of Men’s Wearhouse was fired. He’s filing a suit, an inexpensive, not very stylish suit.
It's been reported that the morning after the election, Mitt Romney's family gathered to share a gallon of chocolate milk.  In other words, they took it much harder than we thought. You can see it all on the lamest episode ever of "Intervention."
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver have split up after 25 years of marriage. It's the first marital separation that will require a mediator, arbitrator, and a translator.
It’s just been revealed that the NSA has a program that monitors everything anyone does on the Internet at all times. I’m not worried though— because my screen name is “I’mAndyRichter.”
The Pope said that the past few years have been difficult and at times he felt that, "the Lord seemed to sleep." When asked for comment, the Lord said, "You try staying awake through a Latin Mass."
First there was Kermit, then Cookie Monster, and now Steven Tyler. Thanks, Jim Henson!
The Ford Motor Company is angry at Toronto Mayor Rob Ford for using their logo.  Apparently, it’s lead to confusion because both Fords are known for their moderately priced escorts.
The more I learn about prunes, ichthyosaurs, and basket-weaving, the more I question my reading habits.
McDonald's has started introducing breakfast items at night for what it calls an “After Midnight Menu.” It’s all part of McDonald's’ new slogan, “Welcome Alcoholics.”
Most of the water cooler talk at my office is millennials standing around the water cooler, saying what is this thing?
Today, Mitt Romney had lunch with President Obama. There was an awkward moment when the bill came and Obama only offered to pay 47%.
President Obama apparently filled out his March Madness bracket. You can tell Obama’s mind is elsewhere because his two top picks were Israel and Iran.
Last night, Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu won Best Director and Best Picture for "Birdman." I don’t have a joke here, I just wanted to impress you with my sensual pronunciation of “Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu.”
China has surpassed the U.S. and now has the number one economy in the world. After hearing this, China's children asked, "So NOW can we take a lunch break?"
So far China has won the most gold medals.  The Chinese athletes can't wait to get home and show the medals off to the kids who made them.
It was reported today that more than 50 members of Congress still haven’t paid back their student loans. John McCain said he just needs a little more time.
Yesterday in Colorado, Donald Trump told a crowd, "I’m working for you. I’m not working for Trump." He explained, "I stopped working for Trump, because that a**hole never paid me."
The Olive Garden is in trouble for accidentally serving rum to a 10-year-old boy. His parents suspected something was wrong when the boy yelled out, "This is very good Italian food!"
A group of Occupy Wall Street protesters tried to re-occupy New York's Zuccotti Park. You can tell the movement's been hurting for funds because this time they called themselves "Occupy Wall Street Brought to You by Sony Pictures '21 Jump Street.'"
NPR just told me I'm the murderer in the next "Serial" podcast.
My favorite jai alai player? Iñaki Goikoetxea of the Basque Country, of course.
My self-driving car sure does like Wendy’s drive-thrus.
Over the weekend, the Miami Heat took away Justin Bieber’s courtside seats. When asked why, a spokesman for the Heat said, "Bieber’s not acting like a NBA fan — he’s acting like a NBA player."
This week, Hillary Clinton launches the tour for her new book. When he heard, Bill Clinton said, "I am so proud of her, and what day exactly is she leaving on that tour?"
Now Kim Kardashian is saying she regrets that she and basketball star Kris Humphries rushed into marriage.  She said, "It's clear to me we should have gone the traditional route and released a sex tape first."
In Toronto, an 18-year-old girl is running against Rob Ford in that city’s mayoral election. Her campaign slogan is, "Vote for me—I’m not a crack addict."
An employee at Subway has admitted to putting his penis on the sandwich bread at work and posting the photo. Even more embarrassing, the sandwich was one of their “2-dollar 2-inchers.” 
Last night, two planes bumped into each other at LAX. Luckily, nobody was hurt and both pilots' texts went through.
For the first time ever, there are now more overweight people in the world than underweight people. The study was conducted by simply looking around.
Former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick was released from prison today.  Kilpatrick said he spent most of his time in prison hanging out with other mayors of Detroit.
According to a new survey, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are tied in Florida. Hillary is winning with Jews and Hispanics, and Trump is winning with meth and bath salt dealers.
MGM Studios has announced that, despite their financial troubles, they will be releasing a new James Bond film next year.  In light of the tough economic times, it will be titled "License to Kill, And Sell Real Estate on the Side."
A study has confirmed that eating less increases your lifespan. The study goes on to advise the residents of Wisconsin to get their affairs in order.
Smokey Bear just celebrated his 70th birthday. Smokey says he now puts out fires by waking up seven times a night and peeing on them.
A couple ordered a package from Amazon and included with their stuff was 65 lbs. of marijuana. It was only then that the couple realized that they'd accidentally signed up for "Amazon Primo."
In California, the owner of a Christian medical marijuana dispensary says God told him to sell pot. As proof, he cited the story from the Bible where Jesus miraculously turns water into pizza.
My apologies to the nice people at the Lady Foot Locker in Sherman Oaks. That’s all I can legally say for now.
Last night, Tom Brady's wife, supermodel Gisele Bundchen, blamed the Patriots Super Bowl loss on Brady's receivers.  Then today, Gisele apologized and said, "I'm a little cranky because I haven't eaten since 1994."
Critics are saying it's illegal for Donald Trump to run for President while hosting his own TV show. They also say it's illegal to run for President if your hair wasn't born in this country.
Immigrants on the US/Mexican Border are memorizing phrases that will increase their odds of being let into the country. Apparently the most commonly used phrase is, "Hola, yo soy un Canadian."
Yesterday on "The Today Show," Gary Busey said that Donald Trump would make a great president. Experts say now Trump just needs to focus on getting the endorsements of Randy Quaid and Charlie Sheen.
The FDA has approved a device for weight loss that sucks the food out of your stomach through an abdominal incision. Or you could just try a salad sometime.
Miley Cyrus went skydiving for the first time. Actually, she just started twerking on a plane and the other passengers threw her off.
The country of Greece is considering dropping the euro and going with the gyro.
A new app lets people take selfies with virtual versions of "The Today Show" anchors. The app is called "Why?"
This weekend, a Baltimore Ravens cornerback became the fifth Raven to be arrested this off-season. On the upside, the Baltimore State Prison is about to have one hell of a football team.
On Sunday, for the first time ever, an all-female team won CBS's "The Amazing Race."  The two women described their secret technique as "asking directions."
Today is Cinco de Mayo, a day when Mexico celebrates an important military victory. And for Americans, it’s the day we celebrate the invention of the margarita.
South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham is now the seventh Republican running for president. If you’re keeping score, that’s basically one Republican candidate for every two Republican voters.
As part of her anti-obesity campaign, Michelle Obama is releasing a hip hop album. The name of the album is “Phat Beats for Fat Kids.”  This first single is called “Get Ripped or Die Trying.”
This month, the first all-digital library, stocked with over 10,000 e-books, opened in San Antonio, Texas. The library is called "A Kindle."
An Arizona lawmaker wants to make it a crime for teachers to curse in front of their students.  Arizona teachers are upset because their favorite part of the day was telling their students "Pop quiz, shit heads."
A Fox News host claims he saw Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway get into a fistfight at one of the Inaugural Balls. However, today it was explained to him that “that’s just how Irish people dance."
Next week on WWE's "Monday Night Raw" Snooki will step into the wrestling ring. It will be the first time Snooki has rolled around with a guy on steroids since…yesterday.
 Yesterday, Dallas Cowboys owner, Jerry Jones, said that racy photos of him with strippers have "misrepresented" him. Jones said, "I’m not usually that happy."
The stock market dropped 600 points today because Standard and Poor's downgraded our credit rating from AAA to AA.  On the bright side, Pat Sajak has offered to sell us another "A" for $2 trillion.
The courts have slashed FCC policy, relaxing the ban on TV profanity. Coming this Fall to TBS: "Conan's G*d Damn F***ing Sh*t A**hole Hour".
After Donald Trump referred to Ted Cruz as a "pussy," Trump’s spokeswoman said it’s no big deal, the founding fathers said even worse things. In fact, Patrick Henry’s original quote was "Give me pussy or give me death."
There’s a cold snap, and even in Hollywood, temperatures are in the 50s. Of course, since it’s Hollywood, the weather is telling everyone it’s only in its mid-30s. 
During last night's Republican debate in Las Vegas there was a big clash between Herman Cain, Mitt Romney, and Rick Perry. Observers called it "the least sexy three-way in the history of Las Vegas."
Several of the women on my staff call me "Creeper." This is a Minecraft thing, right?
Future archaeologists will wonder if our sports teams were named after animals or our animals were named after sports teams.
John McCain says he is "puzzled" by the backlash to his comment that illegal immigrants are the cause of Arizona's wildfires. He then said, "Of course, I'm also puzzled by the ‘defrost' option on my microwave."
Charles Manson’s wedding has been called off. When asked why, Manson said, "I had to listen to my heart, not the voices in my head."
According to a new study, college students who have frequent one-night stands have higher levels of anxiety. Which explains my nickname in college “Captain Serenity.”
I’m pretty sure when the umpires say they’re going to look at the replay, they’re watching cat videos.
In Pennsylvania, a preacher is blaming Hurricane Sandy on homosexuals. Which is weird, because if homosexuals created something that blew, they wouldn't have named it Sandy. 
Someone has launched balloons carrying thousands of copies of the film "The Interview" over North Korea. North Koreans are now waiting for balloons carrying DVD players and electricity.
President Trump tweeted that his son Donald Jr. is "open, transparent, and innocent." Unfortunately those are three things you don’t want to be when you go to prison.
The NASA Mars Rover celebrated being on Mars for an entire year by snapping a selfie. If it makes it another year, the Rover has promised a dick pic.
My bosses at TBS here in Atlanta told me I can do a week of shows anywhere in the world, so I told them, "Paris, France." They said, "Atlanta it is."
Herman Cain says, “We need a leader, not a reader.” Is it me, or did Herman Cain just endorse Rick Perry?
Almost five years after Fukushima, a study found Japanese seafood is now "mostly free" of radiation. The study also found that the seafood at Long John Silver’s is "mostly free" of fish.
In a new interview, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie says he has hired a personal trainer. They're starting slow – the trainer makes Christie do only 5 laps around the Cinnabon before going in.
In Alabama, a meth lab was found operating inside a Wal-Mart bathroom. On the bright side, Wal-Mart is finally selling products that are made in America!
In Florida, a 10-year-old girl pried herself from the jaws of an eight-foot alligator. Then the little girl remembered she lives in Florida, and climbed back in.
In California, parents are complaining that a drive-in movie theater showed "Fifty Shades of Grey" on a big screen right next to "The SpongeBob Movie." They knew something was wrong when kids started asking, "What is that lady doing to Squidward’s tentacle?"
Scientists say that sunscreen coming off in the ocean is harming aquatic life. I’m told that every time I go snorkeling I kill at least two whales.
During the Republican Convention, a group of conservative gays threw a party called "HOMOCON." People said it was just like COMIC-CON, but less gay.
In an interview, Larry King said when he dies he wants to be cryogenically frozen. Larry said, "I was frozen once during the Ice Age - I loved it. It was the best nap I ever had."
In a new interview, Khloe Karashian said she has no regrets. When asked the same question, her mother admitted to having at least three regrets.  
Anyone here win the Mega Millions over the weekend?  Just curious—who here regrets telling their boss on Friday afternoon to shove it?
Donald Trump’s campaign manager is facing charges for grabbing a female reporter’s arm. Trump scolded his campaign manager and said, "On my campaign we only abuse women verbally."
The Super Bowl will be played in Governor Chris Christie’s home state of New Jersey. So it’s a state that lately has gotten used to 300 pound guys blocking things. 
Larry King has launched a new talk show that will appear only on the internet. Larry said, "I've always dreamed of having a show that I have no idea how to watch."
Yesterday, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg had his own Facebook fan page hacked into. Zuckerberg immediately ordered the hacker to be tracked down, seized, and hired.
Pizza Hut has announced it will be unveiling a pizza whose crust is stuffed with hot dogs. It’s the first pizza where they promise to deliver an ambulance in 30 minutes or less.
Donald Trump said he would not put Muslims in internment camps. He said they would all stay at his luxurious new "Trump Hotel and Internment Resort."
Experts say Hillary Clinton’s campaign strategy is to ignore the controversies, and just run out the clock. By the way, that also happens to be Hillary Clinton’s marital strategy.
FIFA has announced that Luis Suárez, the player who bit an opponent, will be banned for 9 games. Or as Suárez put it, 9 meals.
The Arkansas Supreme Court has ordered a retrial for a man sentenced to death, because one of the jurors was found to have tweeted during the trial. Even worse, what he Tweeted was, "About to kill some guy. LOL!"
In Boston this weekend, several men attacked former pop star Aaron Carter and accused him of being on “New Kids on the Block” territory. Police are calling it the saddest turf world in the history of the world.
When it comes to solving the fiscal cliff, Washington insiders describe John Boehner as "firm but hopeful."  In response, Boehner's wife said, "Then they've got less than 3 minutes to settle this thing."
Lamborghini is now 50-years-old. You can tell Lamborghini is 50 because it bought itself a Porsche.
This new Pope seems kind of cool, but I’ll reserve judgment until I see his set at Lollapalooza.
Sixty venomous snakes were seized from a North Carolina home this weekend. Meanwhile, in snake news, there was a big party at Steve's house!
In Colombia, police are looking for a woman who poured boiling water on her husband's genitals.  Apparently, somebody misunderstood the term "tea-bagging." 
Miners in Africa have found a massive 910 carat diamond worth tens of millions of dollars. The diamond will go to either a museum or to Beyoncé the next time Jay-Z cheats on her.
Analysts say Hillary Clinton's plan to defeat Donald Trump involves painting Trump as "dangerous and bigoted." She plans on doing this by quoting Trump accurately.
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning is denying reports that he yelled out “Trump!” to signal an audible during Sunday’s game. Manning said actually "Trump" is a signal for "Illegal Use of Hands."
College grads: If you’re looking for work, consider the fast-growing field of "Republican presidential candidate."
Cher’s been saying some unkind things about Miley Cyrus lately. Today, Cher said she’s ashamed of herself for her harsh criticism of Miley Cyrus. In response, Miley said, "What’s shame?"
Google Plus has introduced a new policy that allows nicknames. Unfortunately, it's a nickname they give you based on your search history. My nickname would be "Clown Torture Porn."
Researchers are working on a breathalyzer that can tell if you’re driving while stoned. Here's how it works - if the driver tries to dip the breathalyzer in nacho cheese, he’s stoned.
If there's a government shutdown, 800,000 Federal workers could get a phone call tomorrow telling them they're "non-essential."  Isn't that amazing – 800,000 people getting the exact same call I get from my Dad every morning?
A couple in England has paid thousands of dollars to get their dog a face-lift.  Apparently, the dog was so ugly, other dogs were sniffing his face.
Senator John McCain is under fire for being caught playing poker on his smartphone during a Senate hearing on Syria. Even worse - it was strip poker.
In an interview, Arnold Schwarzenegger said that being governor of California cost him at least $200 million in lost movie roles.  However, most moviegoers say it was worth it.
It’s come out that Donald Trump’s grandfather owned a brothel. When reached for comment, Trump said, "Screwing people for money is a long family tradition."
The NFL lock-out has been settled and the season will take place after all.  After hearing this, Detroit Lions fans said, "We were afraid this might happen."
The Pope was a huge hit in South America.  In Brazil, three million people attended his mass. Experts attribute the large crowd to excitement over the 1st Latin American Pope, and it being “Jesus Bobblehead Day.”
Yesterday, Herman Cain couldn't answer a basic question about Libya. All Cain could say is, "I believe it's part of the vulva."
In the wake of the Flynn resignation, Democrats are asking what President Trump knew. This is historic - it’s the first time anyone’s ever accused Donald Trump of knowing too much.
Brian Williams won the Grammy for Best Spoken Word in the Fiction category. At least I think he did - that’s what he told me.
Two teenage girls have created a video game about getting your period. It’s called "Suddenly and Inexplicably Angry Birds."
President Obama is coming under a lot of criticism that his new Administration has less diversity than his first one. Which is why this morning Obama said, "Alright fine, I am a Muslim."
An authoritative new book of Nelson Mandela's quotations has been published. The most surprising quote was, "Regardless of skin color, creed, or orientation, bitch better have my money."
A brewer has come out with a beer that you can spread on toast. It's said to appeal to a very specific market known as "alcoholics."
Scientists have discovered an ingredient found in plastic on one of the moons of Saturn. So not only could there be life on other planets, it might be Joan Rivers.
Today, we Americans celebrate our independence from Britain while planning our escape to Canada.
Sunday night was the first time that Amazon took home Oscars, winning two for "Manchester by the Sea." Although the CEO said, "With Amazon Prime, we could have gotten those Oscars last Tuesday."
The latest Internet photo trend involves Harry Potter fans sitting on a broomstick in different locales and is called "Pottering."  All you need is a broom, a camera and zero friends to talk you out of it.
According to new research, sex can trigger temporary amnesia. When she heard this, Paris Hilton said, "Who am I and how did I get under this guy?"
The latest Rock Band videogame might be too realistic. It’s just four smelly guys sleeping on a bus as they cross Ohio at night.
A man posted a YouTube video of himself taping Mentos to his entire body and then jumping into a bath of Coke Zero. So it’s been another productive week for Joe Biden.
After being surpassed by a Chinese company, Walmart is no longer the largest retailer in the world. But don’t worry, Walmart still has the largest customers.
President Trump warned that if North Korea does not stop escalating its nuclear program, "They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.” Then Melania said, “Don’t worry, he says that to me every night and nothing ever happens.”
This is the second year that people are able to vote for the Oscars online. Which explains why the two big contenders for Best Picture are "Minesweeper" and "Porn."
Seriously, it has been reported that Snooki is three months pregnant. Doctors say the young life-form swimming in fluids with only minor brain development is going to have a very healthy baby.
A Russian man has repelled a bear attack by playing his Justin Bieber ringtone. The man’s okay, but the bear is in critical condition.
While touring Israel this week, Sarah Palin asked the Israelis, "Why are you apologizing all the time?"  Israelis responded, "Because we told people Tina Fey was coming."
Another thing Mitt Romney said is that if he "had Mexican parents, he'd have a better shot at winning." But unfortunately, Romney was tragically held back by being born into the home of rich white people.
At Costco, standing in the 10 Grills or Less line.
Hotel front desk workers - when a male calls to complain about the Wi-Fi minutes after checking in, yes he’s doing what you think he’s doing.
In Japan, a produce company is selling "Mozart Bananas" – which are bananas that have ripened in a room where Mozart is playing.  The company hopes their Mozart Bananas go over better than their Sir Mix-A-Lot Yams.
In Colorado, a first grade boy was charged with sexual harassment after he sang the words to a rap song.  In the boy's defense, he does like big butts and he cannot lie.
According to a new report, the cost of all the gifts listed in "The Twelve Days of Christmas" song is up $233 from last year. Man, that Lords a Leaping union is killing us.
In South Carolina, a woman spent a night in jail for failing to return a VHS copy of the Jennifer Lopez movie "Monster-in-Law." Yet, the people who made that movie are still allowed to walk free.
Waiting at the vet’s office for my dog to get his shots. Might let the guy in the beard of wasps go ahead of me.
Despite all of his sexist comments, a new poll reveals that 20% of Republican women still support Donald Trump. When asked why, the women said, "Because he’s paying us alimony."
In a tweet today, Donald Trump compared the way he’s been treated to "Nazi Germany." Which is unfair, because everyone knows Hitler won his election without the help of the Russians.
Police in Brazil raided the office of a high-profile drug lord and found 11 tons of marijuana, weapons and a hand-painted mural of Justin Bieber.  Incidentally, this is the only drug cartel whose kingpin is a 14-year-old girl.
In today’s midterm elections, a 102-year-old woman voted for her very first time in a U.S. election. Unfortunately, she voted for Woodrow Wilson.
Happy Chinese New Year everybody! The Chinese say the year is 4709 – we say the year is 2011.  You know what, I'm just going to guess they got the math right. 
That moment when you realize you’ve put too much wasabi in your mouth? Only time I’m happy.
The Prime Minister of Ireland will be celebrating St. Patrick’s Day at the White House. So finally, the Secret Service agents will have a drinking buddy.
Over the weekend, Beyoncé released an album which implies that Jay-Z cheated on her. The most damning evidence is the first track, "Jay Z Cheated on Me."
During last night’s debate, Jeb Bush wanted Donald Trump to apologize to his wife but Trump refused. Trump said, "If I apologized to wives, I wouldn’t be on my third one."
Bernie Sanders said if he beats Hillary Clinton in Iowa, it will be, "one of the biggest political upsets in the modern history of our country." It's true, nothing like it has happened since the last time Hillary Clinton ran in Iowa.
In France, a woman won the right to marry her dead fiancé. And just when he thought he’d gotten out of it.
Parents are complaining that more and more kids these days are finding out the truth about Santa Claus from the internet.  So parents, do not let you kids Google, "Giant men with big packages squeezing into tight places."
There's a documentary coming out about Sarah Palin and it's called "The Undefeated."  Actually, the full title is "Undefeated…Unless You Count the 2008 Presidential Election Which is the Only National Race In Which She's Ever Run."
Dictionary.com has added 300 new words including "smackdown," "throw shade," "sext," and "bitchface." This announcement was made by Dictionary.com’s CEO, a 15-year-old girl named Ashley.
The other day, a woman from the UK was interviewed about her extremely rare medical condition, two vaginas.  Afterwards, the interviewer stuck around to interview her husband, "Two Penis Joe."
A recent study finds that salmon in the waters around Seattle are loaded with all kinds of prescription drugs. They noticed this the first time they saw a salmon with a four-hour erection.
The accountants at PricewaterhouseCoopers who botched the Oscars have received death threats. The FBI tried to investigate, but the accountants handed them the wrong hate mail.
Summer is officially over.  It's hard to believe that in just two months this tan will fade. 
I’m a little worried all the hype for "Black Mass" will affect the box office for my biopic "White Ass."
The other day at a campaign event, Mitt Romney told the crowd that he is half-Mexican. Which means that half of him will not be voting for Mitt Romney.
Today, President Obama played a game of pick-up basketball. Obama said, "Listen, I'm beating a white guy at something today."
Yesterday, Moammar Gadhafi made an appearance on television just to prove he is still alive.  After hearing this, Larry King said, "That proves nothing, I died 60 years ago."
President Trump is under investigation for obstruction of justice. That was confirmed today when President Trump said he is not under investigation for obstruction of justice.
I hate holding my wife’s purse when she’s buying shoes, especially when she’s buying them on Zappos.
Hillary Clinton has been attacking Donald Trump over his "country club" lifestyle. Hillary made the remarks during a speech none of us could afford to attend.
Kris Jenner has filed for divorce from Bruce Jenner. There were rumors of another woman until Bruce explained, "I am the other woman."
Tomorrow the U.S. military will formally end its policy of "Don't Ask Don't Tell." And Wednesday, the Air Force Paratroopers begin "Operation ‘It's Raining Men.'"
Last week, a 90-year-old letter to Santa Claus was found in a chimney. On the bright side, the 96-year-old who wrote the letter is still alive and finally got that tricycle.
The Pope said that it's okay for male prostitutes to use condoms when they have sex with their customers. But ONLY if they're really really in love.
Reminder to my massage therapists: the less you giggle the more I tip.
A man in Oregon got stabbed while playing Pokémon Go and refused medical treatment in order to keep playing. He leaves a wife, two kids and six Squirtles.
Crazy idea, but what if Donald, Vlad, Kim Jong and Xi just like, I don’t know, got a weekend beach house & talked it out. Dennis Rodman too.
The world-famous Westminster Dog Show was this week – and for the first time ever one of finalists was a dog from China. The Chinese dog lists his proudest accomplishment as "not being eaten."
Hillary Clinton unveiled her technology plan which would offer broadband internet access to all Americans. Then she quickly added, "Except for my husband."
A Delaware police officer was caught on his dash camera dancing and lip-syncing to Taylor Swift’s "Shake It Off." He is suspended without pay pay pay pay pay…
In South Carolina, a man was arrested for stealing a blow-up doll of Miley Cyrus. However, the man's alibi is at the time of the robbery, he was at home with his wife, "Styrofoam Jessica Simpson."
Last night, Ted Cruz challenged Donald Trump to debate him "mano a mano." In response, Trump said, "See, he’s not from this country."
Marshawn Lynch is still trying to trademark the phrase "I’m just here so I won’t get fined." Where does he get off stealing my wedding vow?
The ex-governor of Maryland, Martin O’Malley, said "the presidency of the United States is not some crown to be passed between two families." Jeb Bush said, "That’s true, it should really just belong to one family."
NBA player Jason Collins's former fiancé said she had no clue he was gay.  When she heard this, Manti Te'o's fiancée said, "Well, at least YOU exist."
Just ate at an online virtual steakhouse, Amazon Prime.
A new study just came out that found one part of Maine has the highest percentage of pot smokers in the U.S. When they heard this, people in Los Angeles said, "Oh, it is on."
Over the weekend, Chris Brown crashed his car into a wall. Chris has since apologized and said he thought the wall was cheating on him.
Whom or who should I ask about whether to use whom or who in a sentence?
McDonald's announced, for the first time ever, they're going to start posting the calorie count of their menu items.  Not to be outdone, Cinnabon announced they will start posting their death toll.
A new study reveals the number of Americans who are obese outnumbers the number of Americans who are merely overweight. So today, the Surgeon General said, "We’ve got to get Americans back to being just overweight again."
What a holiday treat - they’re offering free egg nog samples in this Chevron station men’s room.
In a new ad, President Obama calls Mitt Romney's former firm, Bain Capital, a "vampire."  As a result, teenage girls are demanding a movie about Bain Capital.
A new article on Mitt Romney says that he frequently uses the word, "Gosh." But only when he's talking to his youngest son, "Gosh Romney."
The New York Jets just fired their general manager. There, all fixed.
It's being reported that California needs to raise $3 billion dollars by March.  This according to California State Treasurer Nicolas Cage.
Flavor Flav has been arrested on assault charges. If convicted, he may get a prison sentence of 10 years, plus time already worn on his chest.
Who has less-recognizable names? New Republican Congressmen or former Arena Football players?
Comedian Bill Maher has purchased a minority share of the New York Mets.  Maher says he's changing the team name from the Mets to the Smirking Atheists.
A new article says the Republican Party is dying - literally, because its voters are so old. Which may explain the GOP’s new slogan, "AVENGE MEEEE!!!!"
Nothing attracts paparazzi like filling your grocery cart with Oat Bran and Charmin.
A member of Congress is criticizing Steven Spielberg after he discovered parts of the movie "Lincoln" are historically inaccurate.  Particularly the scene where Lincoln dies in the mouth of a great white shark.
Pope Francis visited a Buddhist country and made some controversial remarks. The worst was when the Pope saw a statue of Buddha and said, "At least, MY god has abs."
The other day at LAX, Kanye West punched a photographer.  Apparently, Kanye got mad at the guy for not taking his picture.
Taylor Swift cancelled a radio contest to meet her “biggest fan” because the winner turned out to a 39 year old man. The radio station said she had to cancel because it’s against the rules for the winner to be a loser.
Mike Huckabee has released a campaign video where he parodies Adele’s song "Hello." And just like Adele, we only hear from Mike Huckabee every four years.
KFC has come out with a sunscreen that makes you smell like fried chicken. Of course if you want to smell like KFC, you could just ride around in any single guy’s car.
A new study reveals Vermont businesses could benefit financially by legalizing marijuana. And by Vermont businesses, I mean specifically Ben and Jerry’s.
A new poll just came out and it shows Brian Williams has fallen from #23 to #835 on the Most Trustworthy Celebrity list. This puts him right between Kanye West and Voldemort.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are having serious disputes about how much privacy they want from the media.  Apparently, the media wants to give them some privacy and Kim and Kanye don't want any. 
President Obama said that like many black men, he was once mistaken for a parking valet. But then Michelle Obama added, "On the bright side, that is how we got our first car."
In addition to the "like" button, Facebook has now added buttons for "love," "wow," "haha," "sad," and "angry." In other words, Facebook copied the emotional journey of any Adele album.
A lost Three Stooges movie was discovered in a man’s garage. And good news for Three Stooges fans: this one wraps up all those loose ends.
Trump said he plans to privatize air traffic control so I look forward to overhearing my drive-thru cashier landing a plane between orders.
A new report shows that due to the weak economy, more Americans are cancelling their cable television. All I can say is, good luck trying to live without 8 shows about cakes.
In South Carolina, a man was arrested after he began masturbating during a job interview.  It all started when he was asked, "Any special skills?"
The attorney general of Texas has said that despite the recent Supreme Court decision, Texas county clerks can refuse to marry gay couples. That explains Texas’s new state motto, "F*** all y’all."
In China, people are selling their kidneys to buy an iPhone 6S. Don’t worry, those people will have one kidney left six months from now when the iPhone 7 comes out.
Lady Gaga said that she's going to become an ordained minister and officiate weddings. In other words, gay marriage just got a whole lot gayer.
A new study shows the level of sophistication in presidential speeches has been in decline for years. This was especially evident after Obama’s last speech entitled, "ISIS is Not So Nice-is." His speech writer is Dr. Seuss.
I’m excited because this Sunday’s Father’s Day and I’m a dad. I don’t know what I’m getting yet, but I have a feeling the government knows.
There’s a new trend of rehab clinics helping people get off meth by letting them smoke pot. In other words, they’re taking people from Florida and turning them into people from Colorado.
51% of New York voters said Congressman Weiner should keep his seat. The other 49% think he should disinfect it.
Today, Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said "rehab is amazing."  Ford said, "I love it so much, I’m going to do this every year."
The Obama White House may soon ban the taking of selfies with the president. When he heard, Bill Clinton said, "Man, I remember when 'selfies with the president' had a totally different meaning."
People are still angry about the threatening letter written by a Republican Congressman to Iran. Also not helping was that Republicans started the letter, "Dear Iran or Iraq - We can never keep you two straight."
Project Runway star Tim Gunn said that he hasn’t had sex in 29 years. I had no idea he was married.
Pope Francis said that if you are an atheist, God will forgive you. And with that, 2000 years of Christianity came to an end.
Bob Dylan’s grandson is going to release a rap album next year. The album is titled, "Yo Yo Yo I'm Bob Dylan's Grandson."
A famous building in San Francisco used for making porn is closing. Man, if those walls could moan.
A lot of Americans are upset because it was revealed that the US Olympic Team's outfits were made in China. To protest, many people have been taking down their American flags and mailing them back to the flag factory in China.
Some Americans are stuck in Egypt—The State Department told Americans scheduled to fly out of Egypt that they should bring their own food and water to the airport.  And also a plane.
I think the ice bucket challenge caused some permanent shrinkage.
During an appearance on Fox News, Donald Trump said "our country is going to hell." He said, "But not fast enough - that’s why I’m running for president."
Donald Trump’s latest attack on Hillary Clinton is that her hair isn’t real. Trump says he knows this because he saw her in line at his wig store.
In Minnesota, a high school student has been told that he cannot bring a porn star to his prom. On the bright side, he has been given permission to bring her to Career Day.
Presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee said he wishes he could've been transgender in high school so he could've showered with girls. It’s all in keeping with Huckabee’s new slogan, "If this were 1954 I’d be hilarious."
A man who has two functioning penises recently went on Reddit to do a Q&A. The man cut the Q&A short saying, "Got to go, I’ve got two functioning penises."
Today, Democrats said the committee investigating Hillary Clinton’s involvement with Benghazi was a "witch hunt." Hillary tried to respond, but just then a house fell on her.
Finally reached “Premier Elite Executive Diamond Platinum My Life Is Empty” status on American Airlines.
Today, the nominations for the Latin Grammys were announced. The two contenders for Song of the Year are "Despacito" and the song that will lose to "Despacito."
Over the weekend, LeBron James got married. He was set to marry his high school sweetheart in Cleveland, but then left for a better offer from a girl in Miami.
Larry King announced that this spring he will be going on a national stand-up comedy tour.  It's going to be called the "Almost Deaf Comedy Jam."
Some cities that have streets named after Bruce Jenner are trying to change the streets' names to Caitlyn Jenner. And if you live on Bruce Jenner Cul de Sac, it will now be called a Cul de No Sac.
In Taiwan, a zookeeper has been fined after the birth of 3 ligers which are the offspring of a lion and a tiger.  Then the zookeeper got in even more trouble after the birth of the man-opotamus.
It's been reported that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is engaged to his longtime girlfriend.  Zuckerberg said he's excited and can't wait to actually meet her.
Scientists now believe that the first modern Europeans mated with Neanderthals. This is the oldest evidence yet of beer goggles.
It’s been reported that Attorney General Jeff Sessions has offered to resign. President Trump told him, "That won’t be necessary, I’m taking you down with me."
The potential presidential candidate most voters said they'd like to live next door to is Elizabeth Warren. Personally, I’d like to live next to Mitt Romney, because that would mean I have billions of dollars.
Scientists have discovered a squid that lives in the Pacific Ocean and has no discernable sexuality.  Not much is known about the squid, except that it's pulling for Chaz Bono to win "Dancing with the Stars."
They say if you love something, set it free. So I just set free my collection of Korean pornography.
Today President Obama announced plans for what he calls a "leaner" military.  He also described the new military as a having a "crazy-tight ass."
When asked yesterday about the final moments of Osama bin Laden, Donald Trump said, "I hope he suffered a lot."  Well Trump got his wish—the CIA confirmed that Osama's last hour on Earth was spent watching "Celebrity Apprentice."
According to leaked Wikileaks documents, US officials think Afghan Leader Hamid Karzai is "paranoid" and "weak."  When reached for comment, Karzai said, "I was afraid of something like this but I guess there is nothing I can do."
The Pentagon refused to provide military hardware to the movie "The Avengers" because they found the movie too unrealistic.  The Pentagon said, "We can't lend them any tanks until they explain why the Hulk's pants don't fall off."
They say “opposites attract” and yet I don’t have the hots for the Tanning Mom.
Tiger Woods has a new girlfriend and she's 22 years old.  Friends describe her as "outgoing" and "not someone who follows the news."  
In South Carolina, a 350 pound man stole 5 rib-eye steaks from a Walmart by hiding them under his butt. He was allowed to keep the steaks.
At a recent concert in Amsterdam, Lady Gaga smoked marijuana in front of thousands of her fans. Gaga got so high, she put on a sundress and sensible shoes.
Apple’s new iPhone will be significantly cheaper than the iPhone 6. You can read all about it in Apple’s press release titled, "Sorry if you just bought the iPhone 6."
After causing a huge controversy, United Airlines now says it will allow any paying passenger to wear leggings. So good news, my dad can fly out for Easter after all.
The owner of a restaurant in Texas has trade-marked the term "breasturant."  Meanwhile, his wife has trade-marked the term, "Let's not spend the breast of our lives together."
Ten percent of all parents regret the name they gave their baby. Especially those who named it Qwikster.
A technology expert is predicting that selfies are likely to replace passwords on cell phones. Which means I'll finally be able to break into Tilda Swinton's cell phone.
In an interview, actress Megan Fox compared fame to being bullied in high school. I agree – I'll never forget that day when jocks cornered me in the gym and paid me millions of dollars to star in "Transformers."
After the State of the Union Address, President Obama plans to sit down with three YouTube celebrities. That’s right - the President is going to have lunch with a cat, a bear, and a waterskiing squirrel.
George Clooney and his long-time lingerie model girlfriend have broken up.  Friends said Clooney was so depressed, there was definitely a gloomy quality to his next 19 hours of nonstop sex.
Last night after his victories, Donald Trump held a press conference in Florida and he proudly displayed Trump water bottles, Trump wine, and Trump steaks. Trump also announced his running mate, the Shamwow guy.
Kim Kardashian says that she wants her daughter North West to one day have a job. Then the baby spoke up and said, "You first."
Speaking at a college commencement, President Obama said that as an African-American, "I could have been in prison. I could have been unemployed." To which the Republican party replied, "Working on both."
Today in Washington D.C., several government buildings were left without power. Of course, the White House will be without power for two more years.
Kanye West was spotted smashing his iPhone in a fit of rage. Kanye was mad that Apple stole his idea of saying "I" before everything.
A Secret Service dog died during a fundraiser where Vice President Joe Biden was giving a speech. The dog is being described as "lucky."
In an interview, tennis champ Andre Agassi admitted that he spent his entire career playing without underwear. Which, it turns out, is very confusing to the ball boys.
Former White House adviser Steve Bannon is heading to Alabama to campaign for embattled candidate Roy Moore. It’s part of their "They Deserve Each Other" tour.
Over the weekend, a man broke the world record for "Donkey Kong," making it through the entire game using up just one life. That’s right - his own.
In North Dakota, a woman gave birth in a Wal-Mart parking lot.  Which is surprising since you usually find labor at a Home Depot parking lot.
Incredible heat wave on the East Coast.  People are so desperate for air conditioning that someone was actually spotted going into a theatre to see "Rock of Ages."
Thanks to Congress, meat producers no longer have to tell consumers where their meat comes from. Upon hearing this, Arby's said, "Waaay ahead of you, man."
According to a new poll, over 50% of New Yorkers say they won’t vote for Anthony Weiner no matter what.  The other 50% said they are going to wait until they see all the other candidates’ penises.
A new biography about Pope Francis says the new pontiff is a good cook. So the next time you see smoke coming out of the Vatican, it’s probably just taco night.
A Wisconsin woman recently got a high school diploma at the age of 103, and said she is now considering going to college. Friends are recommending a two-year college.
Katy Perry has a new 3-D concert movie coming out. Nope. No joke to make there.
In honor of President’s Day, I won’t be getting along with Congress.
Beyonce and Jennifer Lopez are going to star in a new campaign ad for President Obama. Mitt Romney said though he's upset that they're not supporting him, but he still loves those two tennis playing sisters.
Thieves stole one million worth of jewels in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Police in Santa Fe are on the lookout for someone wearing "way too much turquoise."
In the past 48 hours, Charlie Sheen has given interviews to CNN's Piers Morgan, 20/20, The Today Show, TMZ, and Good Morning America.  Wow—it's almost like he's on something that makes you want to talk a lot.
Due to slow sales, Apple CEO Tim Cook has been given a 15% pay cut. Or as Cook is spinning it, he’s coming out with a thinner more lightweight wallet.
After failing to raise money, Republican Presidential candidate Rick Perry has stopped paying his campaign staff. At least, that's according to Rick Perry's new press secretary, Rick Perry.
In Jerusalem, renovation work is beginning on Jesus’s burial tomb. It’s being listed as "occupied by previous owner for only three days!"
It has been announced that 95-year-old Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth, is going to retire from his royal duties this fall. Then the Queen said, "Well, not all his royal duties, if you know what I mean…"
Disney has a new cruise ship – and onboard, Disney show-tunes play 24 hours a day. When he heard about it, Satan said, "These guys are good."
I'm opening a restaurant that only serves bread bowls filled with smaller bread bowls.
A Senate panel working on laws to protect the media has agreed on an official definition for a journalist. The new official definition of a journalist is "A blogger wearing pants."
A man was arrested for masturbating on a bus for three hours as it drove through Iowa. The man apologized to the Iowa bus passengers and said, "Sorry - I REALLY love corn."
There’s a "Great Gatsby" film coming out in 3-D. They say it’s like Fitzgerald’s depiction of a generation's angst is coming right at you.
It's the Jewish New Year—according to the Jewish calendar it is 5772. I can always remember the Jewish New Year—I just take Larry King's age and subtract 3 from it.
The next "Jurassic Park" movie should take place on an island where they’ve revived a working Blockbuster Video.
It's coming out that the women who Weiner sexted with were a college student, a single mom, a blackjack dealer, and a porn star. Or as we call that here in Los Angeles, "the circle of life."
The other day, a woman was arrested for cooking meth in a Wal-Mart.  Incidentally, this makes her the first person to make a decent income working in a Wal-Mart.
The FCC announced that you will soon be able to send text messages to 911.  I'm sure 911 operators can't wait to get texts that say, "Being carjacked lol."
In his new book, Steven Tyler said he spent 20 million dollars on drugs.  5 million on cocaine and 15 million on arthritis medication.
Forbes released the list of the richest billionaires. Kinda makes you feel bad for the poorest billionaires.
Lindsay Lohan sent out a tweet urging people not to panic over Hurricane Sandy.  Lindsay said, "The correct time to panic is if anyone sees me in a rental car."
While the Giants are playing the Kansas City Royals in the World Series, San Francisco radio stations are banning the playing of Lorde’s song "Royals." Makes me wish they were playing a team called the Kansas City "Happy."
John McCain has endorsed Mitt Romney for President. It didn't help that McCain began his endorsement by saying, "From the man who brought you Sarah Palin."
In San Diego, a 100-year-old man set five world records at a track meet. He set records in the 50 meter dash, the 800 meter run, and the 1500 meter wander off.
The extremist militant religious group the Taliban has appointed a new leader. So congratulations, Ted Cruz!
Yes I own a pair of leather pants, but they’re khaki-colored.
Woke up and read that Stan Lee is suing the movie "Conan" for ripping him off. Now my father is suing Stan Lee.
A transgender California inmate has lost a legal battle to use tax-payer money for a sex-change operation.  The man is disappointed and his cellmate is inconsolable. 
Tomorrow, there’s a protest across the country known as "A Day Without Women." In fairness, I celebrated "A Day Without Women" all through my 20’s.
The Dalai Lama came out in favor of same-sex marriage. Then he introduced his husband, The Dave Lama.
In Alaska, a thief broke into a home and found $100,000 in cash but only took $20,000.  Police are now on the lookout for a man with simple dreams.
In a tweet this morning, President Trump called Confederate statues "beautiful." People were shocked because it’s the first time Trump has complimented anything that’s over 40 years old.
A new poll shows that Donald Trump could beat President Obama in the 2012 presidential elections. The poll was taken by the world's top-of-the-line polling company, Trump Polls International!
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has decided to take a leave of absence to seek help. Specifically, what he’s seeking help with is "getting more crack."
At Orlando International Airport, a female passenger slapped a female TSA agent after an invasive pat-down. Officials have demanded that the incident be investigated, and then rebroadcast on Pay-Per-View.
Will Smith and his son Jaden’s Smith’s new movie “After Earth”, bombed at the box office this weekend. Today, Jaden told his dad, “Next time you want to do something with me, how about a fishing trip?”
Americans now read Facebook more than the Bible. I guess nobody wants to read about a guy who could only come up with 12 friends.
Ryan Lochte has just announced a new endorsement deal with a crime prevention device. The device is so advanced, it can even stop crimes that you completely made up.
A magazine has come out with a list of the 20 most hated celebrities and number one on the list is Gwyneth Paltrow.  After hearing this, Mel Gibson said, "What do I have to do?"
When our show first went on the air in 1993, three of the five members of One Direction were being born. And guess what — I am the father of two of them.
Economists are predicting that the adultery website Ashley Madison will go out of business very soon. In fact, many of its customers are already seeing other adultery websites on the side.
There’s a new doll with an average woman’s body that’s being called Normal Barbie. Unless she hangs around Malibu Barbie, and then she becomes Fat Friend Barbie.
New Jersey is banning smiling in driver's license photos. So now, instead of telling the driver to, "Say cheese", the DMV photographer will just say, "You live in New Jersey."
Good Humor has announced a shortage of Chocolate Eclairs and King Cones. I blame Obama.
When asked about criticism from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Russian President Vladimir Putin said he doesn’t like to argue with women. Putin is either being a misogynist, or, ladies, he’s the perfect catch. 
Porn star Jenna Jameson has been charged with DUI. In a related story, the breathalyzer she blew into had the greatest night of its life. At least the cops told her it was a breathalyzer.
In Georgia, a Hooters waitress donated a kidney to one of the restaurant’s regular customers. Just before the transplant, the waitress had to tell the doctors, "Hey, my kidneys are down here."
I don’t think I spend too much time on my smartphone at home, and neither do my kids, Candy and Crush.
Yesterday at a conference with Silicon Valley executives, Donald Trump said, "There’s nobody like you in the world." Then he put down his mirror and began the meeting.
Rick Santorum finally endorsed Mitt Romney for President at 11:00 o'clock at night. When reached for comment, Santorum said, "Sometimes, when I can't sleep, I try endorsing Mitt Romney for President."
She’s going to be okay, but a Baltimore Ravens cheerleader was injured during the game yesterday. Out of habit, several Baltimore Ravens immediately pled not guilty.
Beyoncé and Jay-Z announced they’re having twins. Or as Beyoncé calls that, "Dropping 2 singles."
Donald Trump says, if elected, he is willing to “accept” a visit by Kim Jong-Un. Kim Jong-Un said, "No, thanks, that guy’s crazy."
According to a new study, men overeat because they’re trying to impress women. Apparently, women subconsciously say to themselves, "Wow, if he can eat that…"
Before the debate last night, there was a coin toss to see which candidate would speak first.  There was an awkward moment just before the coin toss when Romney asked, "What's that shiny little disk you're holding?"
Mitt Romney released his tax records today and they show that he earned more than $42 million.  So now the other candidates aren't running for President, they're running to be Mitt Romney.
Is it a Freudian slip when you mean to say “saxophone” and you actually say “Man, I sure would love to have hot steamy phone sex?”
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said he’s been getting professional help. So I guess he’s still hooking up with prostitutes.
What champagne is best paired with alone in the dark?
It's being reported that the United States military has created tiny drones the size and shape of insects.  These tiny drones don't kill anybody, but they can totally ruin Al Qaeda's annual summer picnic.
I don’t know about you, but I always set my Doomsday Clock five minutes ahead.
Disney announced that it’s featuring its first openly-gay character in the upcoming live-action film "Beauty and the Beast." Which explains why they’re changing the title of the movie to "Beauty and Her Longtime Roommate Janine."
President Obama has called off a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin because of diplomatic differences. Also, Obama didn’t like Putin’s demand that the summit be held “shirtless and on horseback.”
Looks like Congress has finally made a deal to reopen the Government. If you want to know how this affects you—tomorrow the Washington Zoo Panda Cam is coming back online! 
A new study says Vermont could benefit financially by legalizing marijuana. Legal marijuana could lead to a lucrative new Vermont business known as the "Bed & Breakfast & More Breakfast, and Then More Bed."
Turns out, the practical joker who posed as Manti Te'o girlfriend was a man who used a high falsetto voice. I'm sorry, but this time, I think Adam Sandler has gone too far.
In a new interview about the Donald Sterling scandal, Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said, "I know I’m prejudiced, too." In fact, Cuban admitted he’s so racist, he’s trying to have his last name deported.
Had a dream where evil space creatures intent on destroying humankind land, watch us for a few days, shrug, then take off.
Honey Boo Boo's parents, Mama June and Sugar Bear, are being offered $1 million to make a sex tape. They mulled it over and decided to take an offer of $3 million to not make a sex tape.
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer made it clear that all X-rated content will remain on Tumblr. Many people heard the news and said, "Well, time to find out what Tumblr is!"
The inventor of the soy sauce dispenser bottle has passed away. Well, he actually died months ago, but was just found in the back of the fridge.
Scientists have discovered the reason why women talk more than men. It's because they think we're listening.
Standard and Poor's just downgraded the credit rating of the city of Los Angeles from AAA to AA.  When told this alarming news, the people of LA said, "So, it's 70 degrees and we can legally buy pot."
It’s just been discovered that Jeb Bush listed his ethnicity on his 2009 voter registration form as Hispanic. When asked why, Jeb said "It was the only way I could vote for the Latin Grammys."
Time to fulfill my dream of marketing my own line of artisanal antifreeze.
A couple in Arkansas who love the Olive Garden have named their infant daughter "Olivia Garton." Olivia went home today, where she joined her big brother, Hooters.
Last night on "Dancing With the Stars", Kirstie Alley did a cartwheel.  The judges gave her a 4.6 and the Richter Scale gave her a 6.8.
A company has developed the first porn app to be used on Google Glass. Which is why another company is now developing the first product to CLEAN Google Glass.
It's been announced that Madonna is going to perform at half time for the next Super Bowl. So even if the Panthers and the Jaguars don't make it to the Super Bowl, a cougar will.
A restaurant in Pennsylvania has unveiled a pizza inspired by Hillary Clinton. Apparently, the pizza is not that fresh or tasty, but it sticks around your stomach until all the other food has given up.
The President of Iran tweeted about a historic new nuclear weapons agreement. The tweet got no response until this morning, when it was retweeted by Lady Gaga.
Like most party animals, I start my weekend by checking the three day forecast on Pollen.com.
Doctors in South Africa performed the world's first successful penis transplant. Now, it’s on the guy’s forehead, but folks, it’s a start.
An Italian art historian is claiming that "The Mona Lisa" is actually a portrait of Leonardo DaVinci's male lover. Experts say this would explain the painting's original title "The Mona Larry."
Last week at a Tony Robbins seminar, several people burned their feet while walking over hot coals.  And thanks to the Tony Robbins seminar these people now feel empowered enough to sue Tony Robbins.
Saturday was St. Patrick's Day. Or as it's called in Los Angeles:  "Cinco de Mayo for White People."
In an interview, Donald Trump said that he does not know why he agreed to fly to New York to meet Ted Cruz. Then he promised to bring that kind of leadership to the Oval Office.
A new report shows that out of every 54,000 Google employee, only 2% are black. Today, the frustrated CEO said, "Well, how do you expect Google to search for black job applicants?"
Some experts are claiming that watching porn is bad for your sex life. Those experts are called "wives."
In Toronto, a pizza parlor has been closed after police found 1 million dollars' worth of marijuana there.  Police were suspicious when they saw that the pizzeria promised delivery "In 30 Days or Less."
Over the weekend, Hillary Clinton supported raising the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour. She said, "Every American should be able to afford to attend one of my speeches."
Lot of talk that Jeb Bush may run for President. Potential Republican candidate Jeb Bush is married to an immigrant from Mexico.  So they’re taking our jobs and our Jebs.
Facebook and MySpace are planning to make a joint announcement today.  To make sure people get the message, they are only posting it on Facebook.
Marvel has announced a Spider-Man comic book series in which Spider-Man will be a biracial teen who is half Latino and half African American. And you thought the police were after Spider-Man before.
Yesterday on "The View," Dick Cheney said he doesn't have a problem with gay marriage. Then he brought out Donald Rumsfeld and made a very special announcement.  
Yesterday was National Kiss A Ginger Day. For some reason nobody told me about it until today.
In Italy, there are now allegations of orgies, prostitution, and porn involving Catholic priests. Wow, I need to start going to church again.
Now there’s just one Boston guy nicknamed Whitey living in Los Angeles.
A company called BlingH2O has begun selling bottled water that costs $2,600 per bottle. Experts say it's the perfect way to say, "I am one thirsty douche-bag."
Home Depot just announced plans to hire 70,000 new employees.  Home Depot said they are looking for people who are willing to work hard, and never be found by a customer.
A Tea Party candidate won Virginia’s Republican primary mostly on his anti-immigration stance. His first plan is to change the state’s slogan from "Virginia is for lovers," to "Virginia is for lovers who habla inglés. Comprende?" 
Bagged salads across the country have been recalled due to contamination fears.  Luckily, this is America so none of the salads were touched.
7-11 recently announced that they are going to start selling their own brand of wine.  So finally, 7-11 is selling something that's SUPPOSED to sit on the shelf for decades.
The government of Iraq has offered to mediate between Saudi Arabia and Iran. You know the Middle East is in trouble when your greatest hope for peace is "meeting up in Iraq."
There are reports that Leonardo DiCaprio has joined Tinder. He says the app works almost as well as his old method - going up to any woman and saying, "Hi, I’m Leonardo DiCaprio."
The organizer of the presidential debates is allowing social media users to vote on debate questions. That’s why, as of today, the #1 question for the next presidential debate is "hey, u up?"
The company that made the Tupac hologram is filing for bankruptcy.   The announcement was made by company spokesperson Elvis Presley.
Earlier today, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi underwent 4 hours of dental surgery.  It was Berlusconi's second longest oral procedure of the day. 
It’s reported that Kim Jong-un got married. He’s registered at the local, “Bed, Bath and Other Things They Don’t Have in North Korea.”
My wife wants our Christmas gifts to be handmade this year, so I carved her a Radio Shack gift card.
A taxidermist in England said that for the past 30 years, he's only eaten road kill.  People are calling it the least popular Match.com profile ever.
The founder of the 99 Cents stores has died. In lieu of flowers, the family asks that donations be made to everyone who shops at the 99 Cents store.
The US State Department has hired a female anchor from Fox News. However, the State Department described it as "more of a rescue mission."
April showers bring May flowers and Mayflowers bring small pox.
There's been an outbreak of chlamydia among the world's population of koala bears.  Experts say it's the cutest outbreak of chlamydia ever.
Last night, Alabama won the national championship by defeating Notre Dame 42-14.  Irish people haven't been this depressed since all the time. 
There's a new app that helps you find missing dogs using facial recognition technology. There’s also a companion app for dogs to find their owners using crotch-recognition technology.
Wealthy GOP donors are now lining up behind Marco Rubio. Not because the donors think he can stop Trump, but because they think Rubio is the valet.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's son was reportedly kicked out of a night club for throwing ice at a DJ.  You could tell he's Arnold's son because on the way out, he said, "It was ice knowing you."
Bookies say the odds are 11:2 that the royal baby will be named “George” after his great-great grandfather, King George VI. And the odds are 100:1 that he will be named “George” after the George Foreman grill.
That's right – strippers can now collect unemployment.  Of course, if you're a stripper who can't get work, you're probably in the wrong profession.
In Florida, Justin Bieber was arrested for DUI. Police reports said Bieber’s blood contained large amounts of alcohol, pot, and Flinstones Chewables.
A fistfight broke out at a Trump rally yesterday. Or, more accurately, a Trump rally broke out during a fistfight.
On Twitter last night, someone discovered that Republican Senator Ted Cruz had "liked" a tweet from a porn account. As you can imagine, that was one very embarrassing day for that porn account.
A Starbucks employee has been fired after being caught on video berating a customer. Luckily, someone quickly calmed him down with a nearby Josh Groban CD.
A company has come out with a speaker that pregnant woman can insert in their vaginas so their babies, who are not born yet, can hear music. And ladies, if you really turn up the bass, you’ll never need a man in your life again.
It's being reported that Kanye West is getting ready to propose to Kim Kardashian. Today Kanye said, "I can't wait to marry Kim and get started making the worst family on Earth."
Today, President Trump signed an executive order authorizing the building of the border wall. It’s guaranteed to keep out all Mexicans unless they get their hands on a ladder or a shovel.
There’s a new rumor that when Bill Clinton was president, he flew actress Elizabeth Hurley to the White House for sex. This was a rumor started by Bill Clinton.
The annual State of Marijuana conference is taking place today right here in Southern California. Attendees should arrive sometime next month.
Trump announced that he will release over 3,000 classified files relating to the Kennedy Assassination. Spoiler alert - apparently Hillary did it.
According to a new study, Adele's "Someone Like You" is now the most popular song played at funerals.  It narrowly beat out, Pink's "Let's Get this Party Started."
This mall Santa seems insulted that I put down that protective paper before sitting on his lap.
A youth football team in Rhode Island was kicked out of its league after they snuck an adult man into their starting lineup. On the bright side, Tim Tebow scored twelve touchdowns.
Thailand’s military leaders are warning protesters to stop making the three-fingered salute from "The Hunger Games." And they’re giving orders to shoot on sight anyone who sings "Let It Go" from "Frozen." 
Today is the first day of summer. Or as my skin calls it, "Melanomapalooza."
On the first show of his new tour, Justin Bieber vomited on stage twice. That's right- even Justin Bieber is sick of Justin Bieber.
I’m in the best shape of my life. Just benched twice my birth weight.
A new study shows that when men perform oral sex on women it can cause them to contract mouth cancer later in life. The study also says that, according to women, most American men have nothing to worry about.
Yesterday, Barry Bonds' lawyer told a jury that Bonds never knew he was using steroids. Bonds' lawyer said his client thought it was natural for testicles to be reabsorbed by the body.
Several teams have forbidden their players from having sex during the World Cup. Wow, so I guess during college I was technically a World Cup soccer star.
In Massachusetts, a former student is suing her college because her roommate was constantly having sex while she was in their dorm room. In my day, we handled this a little differently—we watched.
This Thanksgiving for the first time ever, your drunk uncle will seem quite "presidential."
A recent poll came out that shows the approval rating for President Donald Trump has fallen to a historical all-time low of 33%. In response, Trump said, "You hear that? Historic! I’m in the history books! I did it!"
There’s a rumor that one in ten Europeans is conceived in an IKEA bed. So people putting together IKEA furniture are at least using one tool correctly.
President Obama issued an order that allows some illegal immigrants to stay in the country.  Or as FoxNews reported it, "Obama Issues Order Allowing Himself to Stay in the Country."
Scientists have discovered the largest dinosaur ever - it weighed 65 tons and was a vegetarian. They say the creature left behind massive footprints, and a reusable Whole Foods bag.
Rush Limbaugh has said that the evidence of water on Mars is all part of a "leftist agenda." Limbaugh also said that a hydrogen atom bringing two oxygen atoms together to make water is "pretty gay."
John Kasich had to move his campaign event to a larger venue when he got more RSVPs than expected. Kasich said, "We had to move it from a toll booth to a Sunglass Hut."
At the Inaugural Ball, President Obama was caught doing some very stiff and awkward dance moves.  In other words, Obama is already reaching out to Republicans.
MSNBC suspended one of their commentators for calling President Obama "a dick."  Meanwhile, FOX News suspended one of their commentators for not calling President Obama "a dick."
The US is on pace to become the world’s largest producer of oil and gas. If history has taught us anything, this means the US will soon be invading the US.  
When Ben Carson finally wakes up, I wonder who gets to tell him he tried to run for President.
There's a new movie coming out about Bill and Hillary Clinton's early years together.  The movie has a happy ending, and then Hillary walks in.
Donald Trump said he’s "not happy" about being compared to Hitler. He said, "I’m thrilled."
Apple may be making a less expensive version of their iPhone. They're calling it "a Samsung."
It's being reported that the bathrooms at Starbucks will now only be for the employees.  As a result, today, everyone that ordered a venti coffee at Starbucks, asked for an extra cup.
Yesterday, both the US men’s and women’s curling teams lost. It was the hardest day of their lives since they told their parents, "I’m on the curling team."
An Army lab has created a ready-to-eat pizza that lasts for three years. When he heard this, the CEO of Papa John’s said, "Challenge accepted."
Same sex marriage is now legal in Florida. So for once, visiting your grandmother might be kind of interesting.
In Italy, a man called the police on what he thought was a burglar breaking into his home, but was actually his wife's lover attempting a surprise visit. Then because it was Italy, everybody had a good laugh.
Bruce Jenner has agreed to do his first television interview about his gender transitioning. The interview will begin on ESPN, and end on the Oxygen Network.
Quentin Tarantino has had to alter Django Unchained so that it could be shown in China. The movie will now be called "Django Escapes the iPad Factory"
A leading Native American activist is being accused of not being Native American at all. Authorities grew suspicious after the woman said her tribal name is "Listens to Josh Groban."
A prominent historian is now claiming that Jesus was married. Because just like any married guy who goes missing for three days, he comes back with a crazy excuse.
If an asteroid hit the earth right now, I think a lot of us would just shrug.
My biggest problem with these bath salt cannibal attacks is believing Americans would willingly eat lean meat.
Wal-Mart says they've developed a plan to help their customers eat healthier.  Step 1: lock the door to Wal-Mart.
Some people are now criticizing Kanye West for meeting with Donald Trump. But in Kanye’s defense, he says, "I’m used to spending all my time with a giant ass from reality TV."
Singer Chris Brown is selling pit bulls on the web. Apparently, he doesn't want to live with anything that can fight back.
A company has come out with a ring for your penis that measures how many calories you burn during sex. And yes guys, it also works on your wrist. 
President-elect Trump tweeted that he would have won the popular vote if he had campaigned more in New York, Florida, and California. Trump explained, "I just got tired and ran out of terrible things to say."
The laptop used by Bill Clinton while he was president is up for sale.  Just a tip, you might want to clean it first.
Bin Laden was hiding in a compound with several people, including his personal assistant.  Apparently, bin Laden's last words were, "Cancel my 2:00."
North Korea may not have enough money to preserve the body of Kim Jong-il. Unfortunately, this leaves the North Koreans with only one alternative: Kim Jong Jerky.  Want a Slim Jim, how about a Slim Kim?
I’m thinking of outsourcing a company in India to write my cultural stereotype jokes.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie wants to take away a tax break that the state gives to the TV show "Jersey Shore."  After hearing this, Snooki said, "It's official, now I've been screwed by every guy in New Jersey."
I’m an X-Man, if crying yourself to sleep is considered a mutant power.
The top 15 GOP presidential hopefuls own at least 40 guns among them. If they don't win, they can still make their own "Expendables" movie.
The government suspects that the makers of some apps are stealing private information from children. The most suspicious children's app is one called "Dora the Pin Number Explorer."
This week’s Supreme Court rulings have been a setback for black voting rights, but a leap forward for gay rights. Which is why RuPaul is calling it, “The most confusing week of my life.”
NASA is working on a robot capable of running the International Space Station. The project was reported in the "Journal of Things That Could Never Possibly Go Wrong."
Last night, the city of Baltimore removed four statues of Confederate heroes. Or as FOX News reported it, "Baltimore liberals force pigeons from their homes."
Ben Carson apparently has a painting of himself with Jesus. When he heard this, Larry King said, "Big deal, I have a selfie with Jesus."
While campaigning in Iowa, Jeb Bush cheated on his diet and had a fried Snickers bar, pork on a stick, and a beer. Jeb Bush said he ate it so at least he could see some of his numbers go up.
Jeb Bush is taking his presidential campaign on a tour of Europe. He’s telling Europeans, "I like you guys because you’re comfortable having the same family in charge for centuries."
Pope Francis lashed out against what he calls the "material slavery" of Christmastime consumerism. I just feel sorry for whoever drew him as their Secret Santa.
A new biography of President Obama is coming out and it claims that before Michelle, he had a fiancée whose parents didn’t think much of Obama’s job prospects. Actually, I think they had a point, because now Obama’s a 55-year-old unemployed man.
LA is one of the two finalists to host the 2024 Olympics. So if you want to attend one of the events in LA, you should get on the freeway now.
People across the Middle East have started referring to the wave of uprisings as the "Jasmine Revolution." Experts say this makes it the first revolution that could double as a new type of "Febreeze."
The dairy group who came up with "Got Milk" has officially retired the slogan. The dairy group said their ad campaign was a success, now that pretty much everyone has heard of milk.
According to a new study, the oceans started warming 135 years ago.  Yep, it was that long ago that someone first looked at the ocean and said, "Hey, I can pee in that thing."
Last night, Bill Clinton gave a 49 minute speech defending Obama's record.  He praised Obama for saving the economy, passing health care, and keeping Hillary out of the country most of the year. 
A man has finally been arrested for changing the famous Hollywood sign to read "Hollyweed." In other words, we’re punishing the first stoner in the world to actually show some initiative.
In Florida, a man was found guilty of having sex on a beach, and it only took the jury 15 minutes to reach a verdict. The jury foreman said, "Much like the defendant, we finished quickly."
Jury deliberations began today in the plagiarism case against Led Zeppelin for the song "Stairway to Heaven." Expect the deliberations to start quietly, get louder, and then go on wayyyy too long.
There’s a new doll for girls that’s being called "Normal Barbie." There is also a Normal Ken who goes on the internet after Normal Barbie goes to bed.
Today, the Pope praised Facebook but said it is no substitute for human interaction.  Then the Pope reminded everyone that human interaction is a sin. 
Have you seen those baby panda triplets? Two of them are really cute!
Turns out you can just *buy* a Rodeo Champion belt buckle.
A new study suggests that a dishwasher may increase a child's risk of developing allergies. So the message is clear, stop washing your kids in the freakin’ dishwasher.
Tis the season where we get to use the word “tis.”
The company that owns PBR beer has been approved to buy Hostess Twinkies.  A spokesperson said, "We want to branch out from people who don't care what they drink to people who don't care what they eat." 
According to a new survey, 8% of American men have cheated on their wives while on a business trip. Isn't that shocking – 8% of American men still have JOBS?
The CDC is considering a ban on organ donations from people who have had more than two sexual partners in a year.  The CDC is calling this policy "No Guts from Sluts."
Donald Trump said he would replace Obamacare with something called "Donaldcare." Trump claims it would save billions of dollars by denying coverage to "preexisting Hispanics."
The last existing company that makes VCRs is stopping production at the end of the month. In a related story, after the show, Andy will be selling all of his 1980’s porn.
New reports say that President Obama's reelection team will try to portray Republican frontrunner Mitt Romney as "weird." They will also try portraying Michele Bachmann as Michele Bachmann.
You never learn that someone is a vegan from a third party.
George W. Bush's nephew, George P. Bush, is running for office in Texas. He says the "P" stands for "Pretend you've never heard the name ‘George W. Bush.'"
Today is Hillary Clinton’s 68th birthday. There was an awkward moment when a stripper jumped out of her birthday cake and said, "Whoops, wrong Clinton."
I rarely get asked to autograph a breast, so thank you Dave Chelton of Omaha Nebraska.
It was reported today that a 108-year-old message in a bottle washed up on a beach in Europe. Actually it wasn’t a message, it was Larry King’s to-do list.
During the Super Bowl last night there was a 35 minute blackout.  Afterwards, Lindsay Lohan said, "So that wasn't just me?"
In Nevada, a man had a heart attack during sex in the desert and he had to pay $250,000 for an airlift to the hospital. Sounds like a lot, but it’s still the least anyone’s paid for sex in Nevada this week.
Chaz Bono was voted off "Dancing with the Stars" and afterwards Chaz said he appeared on the program to show America, "a different kind of man." Because if there's one thing America's never seen before, it's a white guy who can't dance.
A new study just found that the Republican health care bill has the same approval rating as Nickelback and herpes. When asked to comment, the herpes virus said, "Hey, don’t lump me in with those guys."
This week, the Vatican denounced a nun who declared her support for masturbation.  The Vatican has ordered the nun into seclusion, which sounds pretty good to her. 
In a new interview, Bill Clinton said he doesn’t know if his wife is going to run for president. Clinton said, "I don’t know what she’s up to and thank god she doesn’t know what I’m up to."
China has reportedly outlawed the consumption of endangered animal products, including tiger penis. This is great news for Chinese children who are tired of being told they can’t have dessert till they finish their tiger penis.
I think Hillary has spent too much time in New York. She keeps referring to the Iowa Caucus as the "Iowa Tuchus."
Chris Christie said that if elected president, he would not rule out waterboarding. Then he said, "Not for prisoners, but as a way to prepare chicken."
Rap groups Public Enemy and  NWA have been nominated for the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame.  The group said nothing helps their fight against the white power structure like getting a plaque in a museum in Cleveland.
In Florida, a murder suspect asked Siri where he should hide the body. Which explains why the body was found at a hot new tapas place that got five stars on Yelp.
The only way this Manti Te'o story could get any weirder is if it turns out HE'S not real either.
At Los Angeles airport, a group of TSA agents has formed a choir to entertain passengers as they're going through security.  Of course it's not helping that the only song the TSA choir sings is Journey's "Loving, Touching, Squeezing."
The Broadway musical "Spiderman" has temporarily closed down but will re-open in May.  Reportedly some of the producers opposed the delay, saying it will give the actors a chance to escape.
In Michigan, a Senate candidate is being accused of racism for a new campaign ad where a Chinese woman speaks in comically broken English. Today the candidate issued an apology, saying, "Me love China long time!"
In his press conference, President Trump said that Steve Bannon was a good friend and not a racist. Then he said, "Oops, I meant to say, 'a good racist, and not a friend.'"
Today, Brazil successfully launched a rocket into space. Brazil is now preparing for the rocket's return by carefully trimming and waxing the landing.
A Republican official says that Mitt Romney should pick "an incredibly boring white guy" as his running mate.  When he heard, Joe Biden said, "Thanks, I've already got a gig."
A 105-year-old woman threw out the first pitch at Sunday's game between the New York Mets & the San Diego Padres. Then, the Mets brought her in for the 8th inning. 
During a campaign rally, Donald Trump asked the crowd to shout out their suggestions for Vice President. Among the crowd’s suggestions were: Sarah Palin, Chris Christie, and Haywood Jablowmi.
A high school teacher was recently forced to quit her teaching job when students found out she used to be a porn star.  Students said they were suspicious when the only comments she wrote on their papers were, "Harder" and "Faster."
Mitt Romney released another ad that features Hispanic voters speaking in Spanish. The ad ends with him saying, "I'm Mitt Romney, and I have no idea what these people are saying."
Here’s a little known fact: the murder capital of the U.S. is East Murderton, Wisconsin.
The New York Times reports that 31 states have had to slash their arts budgets for the coming year. Particularly hard hit was South Dakota, which had to cancel its annual all-White production of "The Wiz."
North Korea has confirmed that Kim Jong-un has fired his uncle. Unemployment benefits in North Korea include two weeks’ severance and not being shot.
A company has made an iPhone coated in diamonds and gold that's worth $15 million. It's being called "the most beautiful thing you'll ever accidentally drop it into a toilet."
Presidential hopeful Jeb Bush admitted that he smoked "a notable amount of pot in school." He said, "You would too, if your parents named you 'Jeb.'"
A new study claims that women are more likely to have casual sex with a famous person than with a stranger. The study is published in this month's edition of "Hi, I'm Conan" magazine.
I still think the third “Hobbit” film could be stretched to 5 movies.
Well, in just a couple days, most of us are going to have a week of vacation.  I plan to spend my entire week watching "The Hobbit."
It's being reported that Kirstie Alley has a new 21-year-old boyfriend. Kirstie says she likes the younger boyfriend because he can do it three times per night—and by "it", I mean dinner.
Historians say that the first exchanges of Valentine's Day cards in America may have begun in the late 1600's. Of course, back then the most popular card said, "Be My Valentine…Or I'll Have You Tried for Witchcraft."
The winner of the Miss USA pageant is Miss Nevada and she has a black belt in Tae Kwon Do. Actually, she wasn’t technically the winner, but she made the winner give her the crown. 
Every time Trump signs something, I think of how that pen he's using once dreamed of a better life: writing poetry, scratching butts, etc.
An Australian swimmer who failed to win a gold medal is blaming her loss on social media. In her defense, it is really hard to tweet when you're swimming.
While in Thailand, former President Bill Clinton shot a cameo for the movie, "The Hangover 2."  When asked what he was doing in Thailand, Bill Clinton got very quiet.
Bono injured himself in a cycling accident. Even worse, The Edge was accidentally sanded down to a rounded curve.
At Coachella this past weekend, Justin Bieber got into a backstage altercation and was put in a chokehold. Just goes to show you, you do not mess with Carly Rae Jepsen.
Is it weird that my wife will only have sex if I Face Swap with her personal trainer?
Last week in Michigan a man wearing a President Obama mask robbed a bank.  Either that or President Obama has an exciting new plan to reduce the deficit.
Movie idea: "The Shining" but the hotel is on a tropical island and there is free wifi and drink deals if you have a wristband.
A high school student hacked the AOL email account of John Brennan, the director of the CIA. In other words, the student correctly guessed that the password of anyone still using AOL is "password."
Disney has confirmed there will be a sequel to "Frozen". In this one, Princess Elsa moves to Boston to see what a real winter looks like.
Gary Johnson has entered the Republican presidential race. Yes - THAT Gary Johnson!
Last night, Justin Bieber outraged fans by showing up two hours late for his concert.  In fact, I gotta tell you – I almost left.
The White House has decided not to ban the taking of selfies with the President. However they are cracking down on Vice Presidential nip slips.
A California lawmaker is proposing stricter regulations on the doctors who prescribe medical marijuana. For example, doctors are no longer able to prescribe you pot for the medical condition: "I Just Got Netflix."
During the World Cup this weekend, Honduras scored a goal for the first time in 32 years. By the way, in soccer, going 32 years without scoring is known as "pulling a Conan."
Senator John McCain met with the CEO of Twitter today. At least that's what he tried to tweet on his garage door opener.
Yesterday, Fidel Castro declared that a robot would do a better job as president than Barack Obama.  After hearing this, Mitt Romney thanked Castro for his endorsement.
Last night during a televised debate, the Governor of Florida refused to go on stage because his opponent had an electronic fan under his podium. Bill Clinton once had a fan under his podium, but she wasn’t electronic.
NBC’s long running reality show "The Biggest Loser" has been cancelled. Or as NBC put it, "we just lost 30,000 pounds."
"Please write more 'Said No One, Ever' Jokes" - said no one, ever.
The NYPD created a new unit that will use social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and MySpace to catch criminals.  Criminals caught on Facebook and Twitter will be arrested, while criminals found on MySpace will be told about Facebook.
The NFL is warning teams that they are not allowed to ask a potential draft pick if he is gay. However, they are allowed to ask him to "go deep" and see what he does.
Nearly 30 years after the original, Tom Cruise is going to star in the sequel to "Top Gun." Of course now that he’s over 50, Maverick no longer has "the need for speed," he has "the need to pee four times a night."
Scientists have created synthetic plastic skin that can heal itself. The synthetic skin is being called "revolutionary" by doctors and "the perfect Christmas gift" for Bruce Jenner.
In 10 years, my wife and I have never gone to bed angry. Thanks, couch and spare pillow
The pastor who incorrectly predicted the Rapture this Saturday was quoted as saying, "It's been a really tough weekend."  To make things worse, his friends keep calling to say, "Hey, come on, it's not the end of the world."
In Austria, the world's first international sex school opened and it claims it's going to teach students to be better lovers. The most popular majors are Foreplay and Apologizing.
Pope Francis said that it is a sin for people to waste food. Then he made Chris Christie a “saint.”
I wonder if my car's blind spot compensates with a heightened sense of touch and smell.
A new study has shown that women who get more sleep have better sex. Unfortunately, this study was conducted by Bill Cosby.
The London Olympics start tomorrow night. The games don't even start for another 24 hours, but Greece is already 14 Gold medals in debt.
Analysts say that President Obama has been ignoring Hillary Clinton’s advice for years. Which is why we’ve yet to see him in a pantsuit.
While in Egypt, CNN's Anderson Cooper was attacked and punched in the head by protestors. Which brings up two questions: is it safe to send our media into such a hostile situation, and how do we get Glenn Beck over there?
Daredevil Nik Wallenda broke the world tightrope record when he walked blindfolded between two 50-story Chicago skyscrapers. Wallenda said he didn’t do it to set a record, he did it because these days it’s the safest way to walk through Chicago.
On the campaign trail, Mitt Romney said, "I live for laughter."  Then he looked at his poll numbers among women and had a two hour giggle fit.
Just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38% of their ice cream.
Hillary Clinton was asked if she would ever smoke pot if it became legal and she said, "I didn’t do it when I was young and I’m not going to start now."  Bill Clinton said, “That’s her standard answer for everything.”
It looks like Bronco's quarterback Tim Tebow has been traded to the Jets.  When told he was going to be spending the rest of his career in New Jersey, Tebow said, "There is no God."
San Diego mayor Bob Filner left his sexual harassment rehab program a week early. He said, “I’m mostly cured- now, I only grab one boob.”
At an international tennis match, US officials accidentally played the Nazi national anthem. White House adviser Steve Bannon was outraged and said, "We’re not rolling that out 'til August - c'mon!"
Scientists in Edinburgh are developing a computer that tells jokes. Of course, I’m not worried about my job because they haven’t yet made a computer that tells jokes AND makes women feel uncomfortable.
According to a new survey, Facebook is the best company to work for in the upcoming year. That's mainly because it's the only place where your boss can't say anything if he catches you screwing around on Facebook.
Iran is banning toys that are based on the Simpsons. When asked why, President Ahmadinejad said, "Iran is more of a ‘Family Guy' country."
My Super Bowl rule: never bet on a team named after an Edgar Allan Poe poem.
After Paul Ryan stopped by for a photo-op at a soup kitchen, the head of the charity said, "Ryan did nothing."  In other words, that man is ready to be vice-president.
According to a report on wasteful government spending, the government spent over $300,000 on a study of seniors' dating habits. On the other hand, we know now that Grandma is "DTF."
Since January, Colorado has made nearly $30 million in taxes from marijuana sales. That’s in addition to the $40 million they made taxing Doritos.
Yesterday, Bill Clinton told a crowd, "Remember me? I'm the guy who gave you four surplus budgets." To which the crowd replied, "That's not what we remember you for."
The Supreme Court of India has ruled that there are three genders not two. The three genders are "male, female, and Bieber."
Donald Trump said he wishes Hillary Clinton a speedy recovery from her pneumonia. He said, "Get well soon, you shrill, lying crook."
Russian President Vladimir Putin has been named a candidate for this year's Nobel Peace Prize. His chances of winning are good because his strategy is to have the other nominees killed.
McDonald's just announced that all its US locations will sell the McRib sandwich only until November 14th.  So, unfortunately, it looks I'll have to cook for Thanksgiving after all.
In Colorado, a high school math teacher has been suspended after she tweeted half-nude photos of herself.  In her defense, the math teacher was trying to teach the kids fractions.  
Due to the lack of diversity among this year’s Oscar nominations, many people are calling for a boycott. In fact, today two dead people dropped out of the "In Memoriam" montage.
Today is Rosh Hashanah, the beginning of the Jewish year 5,776. In other words, it’s been 5,763 years since Larry King's Bar Mitzvah.
It’s come out that Anthony Weiner would orgasm in 30 seconds when having phone sex. So either Weiner has a stamina problem, or a really bad calling plan.
If you wear a visor for longer than three minutes, you’re legally required to change your name to Trey.
There is a rumor that NBC is going to have Tom Brokaw fill-in temporarily as NBC News Anchor. When asked why Brokaw, a network spokesperson said, "Because the only other NBC icon we have from the ‘80s is Bill Cosby."
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said he is still adjusting after his surgery to reduce how much he can eat.  Christie said, "I now have 6 free hours a day I don't know what to do with."
Among the top Google searches of 2014 were Ebola and "Frozen." One leaves you with something highly infectious that's impossible to get out of your system, the other is Ebola.
Defense Secretary James "Mad Dog" Mattis said climate change is real and threatening global stability. He then asked that his nickname be changed to "Reasonable Dog."
Scientists now believe that homosexuality is passed down directly from father to daughter, and mother to son.  So it's time to face the facts – your dad is a lesbian.
In Alabama, a dog completed a half marathon. After being congratulated the dog said, "What the hell are you talking about? I was chasing a car."
One of the top Halloween costumes this year is Donald Trump. Which is why this year, the phrase "Trick or Treat," has been replaced with "Gimme a Kit Kat or I’ll Deport You."
Analysts say Jeb Bush's campaign is in so much trouble, they may bring in George W. Bush for support. This will help Jeb appeal to George W. Bush’s key demographic, people who have a terrible memory.
A fragrance company has just come out with a cologne that smells like whiskey.  It's perfect for the guy who wants all the stigma of alcoholism but none of the fun.
Boston postponed a victory celebration for the New England Patriots due to a record-breaking winter storm. The storm was originally supposed to hit Seattle, but at the last second New England jumped in the way.
After a disappointing result in Iowa, Ben Carson is polling 8th in New Hampshire. Carson said he’s looking forward to eventually campaigning in a state that has some black people.
Several Fox News hosts have criticized SpongeBob SquarePants for "pushing a global warming agenda." Then things got really ugly when they demanded to see "Dora the Explorer's" immigration papers.
Mitt Romney once invested in the Yankees. Which finally explains the time the Yankees tried to trade Alex Rodriguez to China.
It's been reported that Kanye West used to have sex with other women while watching Kim Kardashian's sex tape. Sounds like someone has a great story to tell their grandchildren. 
A new poll revealed that over a third of Americans have had sex in a public place. The poll was sponsored by the makers of Purell.
Vladimir Putin has signed a new law banning the f-word from movies. So now, the Russian version of "The Wolf of Wall Street" is 8 seconds long.
Scientists have invented a cheese that even vegans can eat. Now scientists are working on inventing a vegan who doesn’t ask the waiter a million questions.
A town in New Jersey is now fining people who are walking and texting. Of course here in Los Angeles we have our own way of handling people who walk while texting: we run them over.
The Toronto City Council voted to strip Mayor Rob Ford of most of his duties, making him just a figurehead. Now maybe it’s just me — but isn’t the last thing we want to do is give this guy more free time? 
In his campaign, Mitt Romney has started talking about his father's humble beginnings as a carpenter.  He said, "I'll never forget the day my Dad started building our fourth beach house."
In Portland, a mailman has been suspended for going "number 2" behind someone's trash cans.  Even worse – he referred to it as "drop shipment of a ground delivery."
After 22 years of marriage, Kris and Bruce Jenner are separated.  Apparently, Kris pointed to Bruce’s face and said, “He’s not the man I married.”
The British government has urged its citizens to abstain from alcohol at least two days a week. Or, to make it easier to remember, whenever they brush their teeth.
On Saturday, health officials in the Philippines held a "Circumcision Party" for hundreds of boys. All the guests agreed that the worst part of the circumcision party had to be the bouncy castle.
Taco Bell is going to start selling nachos and chicken nuggets wrapped in a tortilla. In other words, thank God we're going to keep Obamacare.
Dennis Rodman said President Obama should call North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Unfortunately, President Obama was busy discussing Iran's nuclear capabilities with Scottie Pippen.
A Ukrainian man dressed as Darth Vader is trying to run for his country’s presidency. When election officials told him, "You can’t do that," he waved his hand and said, "I CAN do that," and they said, "You can do that."
The federal government might shut down on Friday, which means on Saturday morning, this bad boy is gonna park his car in a loading zone.
Blockbuster announced they’re closing all their stores. Now where am I supposed to go when I want to be alone?
A US astronaut has broken the record for the longest stretch of time spent by a human in space - 383 days. The astronaut attributes this to determination, stamina, and "things being weird at home."
In a new interview, Justin Bieber revealed he wears women's jeans.  When asked why, Bieber said, "What else would you wear over women's underwear?"
The Sundance Film Festival is taking place right now in Park City, Utah, and reports say this one features a lot of diversity. Then again, in Utah, diversity is defined as "a Lutheran with a tan."
TSA chief John Pistole says he and his boss, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, have each personally received the new, more invasive TSA pat-down.  It's being called, "the world's least sexy threesome."
In an interview yesterday, Donald Trump said he has a replacement for Obamacare that will provide insurance for everybody. It’s called "Move to Canada."
Over the weekend, Lady Gaga published partially nude photos of herself on the Internet.  Lady Gaga's fans wrote back saying, "Thanks but we're gay."
Tokyo has been named the host of the 2020 Olympics, despite concerns about the Fukushima radiation leak. That explains the Tokyo Olympics’ official mascot, a three-headed Hello Kitty.
Twitter has just announced it has new controls to block people who advocate violence. But don’t worry, you can still follow President Trump on Facebook.
The NFL and the players' union have cancelled their contract negotiations, which could mean no NFL football for next season. Both sides agree this is the only way to prevent another Black Eyed Peas Half Time show.
Once again, missed the Fantasy Football playoffs. That’s what I get for drafting all kickers.
Jay-Z and Beyonce have been named the highest-earning celebrity couple in the world. And, once again, coming in at #2: Me and Andy.
Ok, little concerned about the Patriots. Bill Belichick just called and asked if I’ve ever played wide receiver.
It is being reported that President Trump is no longer speaking to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Upon hearing this, Melania went to McConnell and said, "Teach me, Master."
Yesterday was Earth Day.  And apparently today is "Find Out Yesterday Was Earth Day Day."
In the United Kingdom, a sperm donor has fathered 54 children. Today, he was offered a contract by the NBA.
Anybody else have "war with Australia" in the office pool?
Donald Trump commented on last night’s Oscars, and said, "It was a great night for Mexico - as usual," in this country. Today, Mexicans who have it great in this country were unavailable to comment because they were working their third job.
In Florida, a group of teenagers snuck into an NBA player’s home thinking there was nobody there.  Then, the NBA player came downstairs and impregnated them.
The Super Bowl is this weekend – and this year, for the first time ever, the Super Bowl will not have cheerleaders. Apparently, they couldn't find any women willing to cheer on Ben Roethlisberger.
If Meryl Streep is really such a great actress, why won’t she play the lead in my new movie, “The Tupac Shakur Story”?
Hillary Clinton is still refusing to release the transcript of a speech she gave to banking giant Goldman Sachs. That’s right, the rumor is she started the speech by saying, "What up b****es, give it up for my man Drake!"
It’s come out that this year, indicted Trump advisor Paul Manafort traveled to Mexico using a fake name. Then again, if you worked for Trump and you were in Mexico, would YOU use your real name?
In Greenwich, Connecticut, three wealthy investors, already worth millions, won the $254 million Powerball jackpot. In a related story, everyone's head at Occupy Wall Street just exploded.
It's being reported that presidential candidate Newt Gingrich once had a $500,000 debt with the jewelry store Tiffany's. In Newt's defense, he WAS buying jewelry for nine women.
Forbes Magazine named Tim Tebow America’s most influential athlete. Just 1 more reason why I always get my sports news from Forbes Magazine.
According to a new study of emergency rooms, the number one way people injure their genitals is riding their bicycle. Also, the #1 lie people tell in emergency rooms is "I was riding my bicycle."
The country of Greece has closed their nation’s banks today in response to its escalating financial crisis. A spokesperson for Greece said, "We’ll bounce back, we’ve just had a rough 2,000 years."
I'm half asleep, totally naked, and waiting for the light at this intersection to change.
Baseball is back, and this season there are new rules in place to speed up the game, make it faster. Rule number one, the players can’t take steroids but they must take meth.
Puerto Rico has decided they want to become a US state. When they heard about it, California said, "That’s great, they can take our place."
Between Oscar Fever and March Madness, my imaginary doctor bills are soaring.
Bud Light has created a new device that alerts you when the beer supply in your fridge is running low. The device is known as "your roommate, Chad."
The White House sent Vice President Joe Biden to China today.  So now we owe them a trillion dollars AND an apology.
Thieves in London made off with three million dollars-worth of rare books from the Middle Ages. Authorities describe the suspect as boring.
A chance to have coffee with Apple CEO Tim Cook is going for over $600,000 on an online auction.  Cook promised that "Meeting me is like buying an Apple product: way overpriced but you won't get a virus."
This morning, Meryl Streep was nominated for an Academy Award. Or as that's called in Los Angeles, "The first sign of spring."
Today is the 10-year anniversary of PornHub. It's also the 10-year anniversary of me going to bed 20 minutes after my wife.
It’s been reported that Beyoncé gets paid $100,000 just to sit in the front row of a fashion show. Meanwhile, her sister Solange is getting paid that amount by Jay-Z to "take the stairs."
Our first show back after a two week break.  Andy and I took the time to reconnect with our families and then fix the 405 freeway.
Video game maker Atari has filed for bankruptcy. Atari fans are so upset, they're organizing a massive letter-writing campaign to President Reagan.
In Florida, a man proposed to his girlfriend in the produce aisle of a Whole Foods. He got down on one knee and told her, "This ring cost as much as those organic grapes."
Japan has created a robot that can manually bring a man to sexual climax. When asked when they invented the robot, a scientist emerged from seclusion and said, "12 years ago."
Earlier this week in Colorado, Justin Bieber peed his name in the snow. Coincidentally, that’s also how he writes his songs. 
At an event in Los Angeles last week, Kim Kardashian was told she would not be able to meet President Obama. However, she continues to receive repeated offers to meet with President Clinton.
Street gangs are toning down their colors in order to be less noticeable to law enforcement. So now there are three gangs: The Crips, The Bloods, and The Earth Tones.
The Nobel Prize committee is going to drastically reduce the money awarded to the winners.  After hearing the news, the Dalai Lama said, "This is bullshit."
I'm not sure which religion it is, but my neighbors celebrate Christmas by placing all of the husband's belongings on the front lawn.
Media experts say Monday night’s presidential debate will have a Super Bowl-sized TV audience. Of course the Super Bowl audience drinks for fun, but Monday’s debate audience will be drinking out of sheer terror.
I judge a good pair of yoga pants by the number of hip and ankle flask pockets.
Today, AOL joined a long list of companies that have dropped Rush Limbaugh.  A spokesperson for AOL said, "We would have done it sooner but we are using AOL."
Over the past 50 years, a man in Florida has donated 100 gallons of blood.  He's a guy known as "Light-headed Joe." 
Hear that? That’s the sound of Harlem Shake videos NOT being made. I think we’re in the clear. Uh oh, I hear something outside my office….
The Kardashians are outraged that they’ve been robbed three times this year, but the police haven’t caught the culprits. Kim Kardashian said, "We just want back what’s wrongfully ours."
Pig farmers are predicting a global bacon shortage.  However, they say the shortage can be averted if Chris Christie converts to Islam.
It’s being reported that yesterday the line for security at Chicago's Midway Airport was over a mile long. On the bright side, while in line many couples took the opportunity to join the Mile Long Club.
The latest trailer for "The Last Jedi" blew me away, but why were the first 30 seconds about car insurance?
It’s come out that Donald Trump once said, "I would have loved to have been a well-educated black." Trump said, "Instead I’ve had to struggle through life as a white, male billionaire."
McDonald’s is trying out a new service at some California locations where employees will serve customers at their tables. They’re calling this service "Applebee’s."
Apple has changed back their design of the peach emoji to look more like a butt after people were upset the new design no longer looked like a butt. So you see, people – sometimes democracy DOES work!
Jay-Z said that his new daughter Blue Ivy, will be the "worst, most spoiled kid ever." When asked for comment, Kanye West's father said, "Bring it."
In prison the other day, Charles Manson was caught with a cell phone under his mattress. In his defense, Apparently, Manson said he was only using it to stab people.
The Hillary Clinton Campaign recently released an ad that features clips of Donald Trump praising world dictators. In the video, Trump praises Saddam Hussein, Vladimir Putin, and Abby Lee from "Dance Moms."
A shortage of a popular brand of tampons is creating a bidding war on ebay, where bids are as high as $76. I'm no expert, but I think if a woman will pay $76 for a tampon, let her have it.
I’m going to try one of those Taco Bell Doritos Locos Tacos, just as soon as I’ve finished recording my living will.
In Rome, a tabloid is running some new topless photos of Kate Middleton where her breasts appear larger than in earlier released photos. When he heard about it, Prince Harry said, "Why can't my photos be in that magazine?"
Internet officials have approved a special domain name ".xxx" for pornographic Web sites. So finally – a home for porn on the Internet!
After his spat with a Hispanic reporter yesterday, Donald Trump is now in a feud with both Univision and Fox News. Today, he’s going to insult meerkats and get into a feud with Animal Planet.
"Wheel of Fortune" host Pat Sajak mocked people who believe in global warming. In response, climate scientists told Sajak they’d like to buy an "F" and a "U."
The man accused of leaking nude photos of Scarlett Johansson could face up to 121 years in prison.  The man was in court today where he pled, "Totally worth it."
In high school, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un starred in a production of the musical "Grease." The show would end each night with Sandy singing to Kim, "You're The UN That I Want."
Bernie Sanders is the first Jewish person ever to win a presidential primary. Which is why he celebrated his victory by telling the crowd, "It could be worse!"
Google has created several new emojis aimed at empowering women. So congratulations women, you asked for equal pay and you got five new emojis.
On his way to his concession speech last night, Anthony Weiner avoided the media by ducking into a McDonald's.  Then he created a scene there by saying, “Who wants to see a quarter-pounder with two McNuggets?”
KFC has come out with a fried-chicken takeout container that fits in your car’s cup holder. KFC is now working on developing passenger-side gravy bags.
Goodwill has returned almost $100,000 in cash that was mistakenly donated to them in a black duffel bag. A spokesman for Goodwill said, "We're not very bright."
Billy Ray Cyrus has come out with a hip hop version of "Achy Breaky Heart." Experts say it’s the first time in music history that fans of hip hop and country have hated the same thing.
Over the weekend, President Obama went shopping and wandered into a bookstore. Rick Perry said, "When I'm President that will never happen."
A preschool in Sweden has banned children from using gender-identifying words like "him," "her," "she," and "he."  Instead, children are encouraged to refer to each other as "Chaz."
Today Los Angeles reached record low temperatures – in some areas in the low 30's. When reached for comment, the rest of the country said, "Just keep making TV shows you pussies."
ABC announced that the "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette" will now feature a more diverse cast. They’re going to add a contestant who has read a book.
In a recent interview, Madonna's manager said the singer would love to do a concert in Iran. See, that's how it works, Iran—you threaten us with nuclear weapons, we threaten you with Madonna.
Last week, over 30 participants in a Tony Robbins seminar burned their feet walking on hot coals. The victims just signed up for a second seminar -  "How To Get Rich Suing Tony Robbins."
Last week, FEMA tweeted out a wrong phone number, so people seeking roof repair found themselves talking to a phone sex line. Apparently, the phone sex company and the roof repair company both had the same slogan, "Fill that hole."
Spain is holding its annual Running of the Bulls. The winner, as is the case every year, is Charles Darwin.
The latest rumor is that the iPhone 6 will effectively act as a wallet. It will be able to conduct monetary transactions, show any form of ID, and for guys, hold onto one condom for 12 years.
In Havana, over 6 million people attended Cuba's annual International Book Fair. As usual, the most popular book sold was "How to Build a Raft Out of This Book."
Law enforcement authorities say there's a growing trend of street gangs facing off against their rivals online. In fact, earlier today things got so tense that the Crips "unfriended" the Bloods.
LinkedIn has agreed to pay a $6 million settlement to employees. Unfortunately, the employees haven’t heard about it, because like everyone else, they automatically delete all emails from LinkedIn.
The Hall of Presidents at Disney World is getting ready to unveil its animatronic Donald Trump. They’re having a little trouble though, because every time they turn the Donald Trump robot on it grabs Minnie Mouse by the pussy.
The latest rumor is that Kanye West has proposed marriage to Kim Kardashian. Reportedly Kanye said, “I pledge to love, honor, and cherish you like no one else on Earth” and then turned from his mirror and proposed to Kim.
Fashion designers have come out with a new kind of leggings for men, called "Meggings." They're expected to be most popular with a group of men called "Mouchebags."
Shia LaBeouf has embarked on a month-long hitchhiking tour of the U.S. I just want to remind everyone that hitchhiking is very dangerous - I mean you could end up with Shia LaBeouf in your car.
I wonder if this month’s issue of "Men's Health" will have any articles about abs.
Sperm banks are no longer accepting donations from red haired men.  I don't understand.  What are people seeing night after night that's making red heads so unpopular?
Yesterday, Starbucks introduced their new decaf soda, called Fizzio. "Fizzio" is an Italian word that means, "Tastes okay, costs too much."
I try to learn one new word a day and use it in a sentence. Today that word was "today."
Anthony Weiner’s wife Huma Abedin left him after he sent out a third round of dick pics. Huma said now, she’s just looking to date a "nice guy with a camera-shy penis."
Despite the fact that Pope Francis arrived in Washington today, he’s not going to visit the White House until tomorrow. When asked about his plans for today, his Holiness said, "Oh you know, just Popin' around."
In New York City, a 106-year-old stockbroker is still at work on Wall Street.  In fact, for several hours a day, he's occupying the men's room.
A study found that babies as young as six months old can be racist. Or as Steve Bannon calls them, "Prodigies."
According to new research, a man can increase the length of his penis by placing it in a special penis-stretcher for 700 hours. In a related story, I'm taking a month off.
Disney revealed that one of its princesses is bisexual. Even more shocking, Disney revealed that one of its princes is straight.
Fox News host Bill O'Reilly is writing a new book about the killing of Jesus. It will be the first time where Jesus' death is blamed on "Obamacare."
The American Psychological Association claims that incivility in the workplace is on the rise. The findings were pointed out to me by one of my stupid employees who I'll probably fire.
Virgin CEO Richard Branson is launching a cruise line that is "adults only." After hearing about it, Kevin Spacey said, "Not interested."
Despite the controversy, the annual Paula Deen cruise has not been canceled and has added another cruise ship.  Each cruise ship can hold up to seven Paula Deen fans.
Today, when President Obama was asked to comment on Republicans who accuse him of being weak on foreign policy, he suggested they talk to Osama bin Laden. Then he dropped the mic and said "Peace out, bitch!"  
Congressman Anthony Weiner's career is in turmoil ever since he tweeted that picture of his genitalia. Fortunately, he will still be allowed to keep his porn name, "Congressman Anthony Weiner."
Uber has released a report highlighting the diversity of its workers. According to Uber’s diversity report, some of its drivers are in bands while others are in improv troupes.
Kim Kardashian, who is 5 months pregnant, reportedly wants to give birth by C-section. In other words, even in childbirth Kim is determined to avoid any kind of labor.
America’s giving up. This year in Times Square they’re going to drop a giant Cinnabon.
Magic Johnson is returning to the Lakers as an adviser. He said he will be advising the Lakers to win.
President Obama held a news conference today to share his take on the midterm election results. You can tell the President wasn’t taking it well, because he addressed the White House press core from inside a pillow fort.
The theme of President Obama's State of the Union was "Win the future." It was much more inspiring than the original theme: "Beat the rerun of Top Chef."
I blame the Wright brothers for inventing a machine that practically begs you to kick a family off it then later settle out of court.
At this year's Republican convention, Chris Christie has reportedly agreed to give the key note address.  When reached for comment, Christie said, "Keynote? I thought they said ‘key lime.'"
On the "Today" show, Matt Lauer admitted that he’s never seen "Star Wars." It was part of their new segment, "Where In The World Has Matt Lauer Been For The Past 37 Years?"
Tomorrow night, President Obama will announce his new immigration plan. Obama’s favorite part of his new immigration plan is that he gets to immigrate to another country.
A Southern California man has created a dating site exclusively for Trump supporters. It’s a great way for angry white men to meet other angry white men.
Khloe Kardashian has announced she’ll be hosting a new talk show where she drinks cocktails with her guests. The show will be called, "Throwing Up With The Kardashians."
The digital team behind both of President Obama’s campaigns is already preparing for a Hillary Clinton run. They’re starting early because they’ve got to delete 10 years of Bill Clinton’s browser history.
Some are saying that this year’s Super Bowl ads were socially progressive, with a Cheerios commercial featuring an interracial couple and Coke featuring a gay couple. And I don’t even want to know what that clydesdale and puppy are up to.
Bill Clinton said he would be "happy" if Hillary ran for president in 2016. He also said he'd be happy if she left the house for a half hour this Saturday from 3:35 to 4:05.
Rumors have surfaced that Bruce Willis may sue Apple so he can pass on his iTunes collection to his daughters. This could be an important case because if there's one thing all teenage girls love it's their dad's music collection.
Snoop Dogg was recently a contestant on "Family Feud" and he did not get the top answer about marijuana. Snoop was shocked to get it wrong, and shocked to learn he was a contestant on "Family Feud."
I just got into a bar fight over how Angry Birds Star Wars fits into the Star Wars Expanded Universe.
Today, Domino's gave out half a million slices of free pizza. Then later today, everybody gave them back.
Yesterday, Diana Nyad set a record swimming from Cuba to Florida. The 64-year-old swimmer also broke another record as “Youngest person to ever set foot in Florida.”
16 billionaires, including Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, signed a pledge that says they will give away most of their money.  In a related story, today Zuckerberg got 50 million new friend requests.
Pods of cannabis coffee will soon be available in six states. They’re expected to sell well among people who want to be alert enough to know how high they are.
In Texas this week, a woman walked away from a car crash uninjured because her 38KKK breasts acted as airbags.  The accident was caused when the other driver got distracted by a woman with 38KKK breasts.
Kim Kardashian released her first pop single on the radio today. The song's being put out on the new record label "Why God Why?"
Katy Perry appeared at the Grammys last night with visible side boob.  By the way, Visible Side Boob is also Joe Biden's secret service name.
That unreleased book by Dr. Seuss they just discovered proves that "Fifty Shades of Grey" was completely plagiarized.
BP's attempt to cap the oil gusher with mud and cement will be televised. Finally, something to fill the void left by "Lost" and "24".
What does it mean when your urine is pitch black and smells like midnight?
The other day, Zac Efron fell at his home and broke his jaw.  So I guess Zac Efron isn’t as tough as everyone thinks. 
This was the first year that Amazon took home Oscars. Amazon won two Oscars for Manchester by the Sea, and one for "A 4-Pack of Norelco Waterproof Razor Blades."
Yesterday, a 76-year old New York woman fell down a well and was saved by her 70-year old neighbor. So, sounds like they've started shooting "Sex and The City 3."
McDonalds is in the news. McDonalds’ profits are way down because experts say the restaurant is not attracting millennials. Apparently, young people today are hoping to live past 50. 
Just found out "Auld Lang Syne" is Latin for "Made Up Words."
I don’t believe in air-conditioning and neither do the people who pretend to love to work for me.
Sean Spicer reminds me of the kid who would stuff a whole pack of Bubble Yum into his mouth just so he wouldn’t have to share it.
Yesterday, Congressman Weiner contacted Nancy Pelosi to let her know he was resigning.  Weiner let her know by texting her a picture of his penis cleaning out its desk.
A word association poll found the words most associated with Donald Trump are "idiot," "jerk," "stupid," and "dumb." In other words… he really could be our next president.
A new report claims that by the year 2020, the marijuana industry could be bigger than the NFL. Either way, it’s a good time to be in the couch business.  
The United States has been using Twitter to help fight the Taliban.  The theory is the Taliban will surrender if they read enough tweets from Kanye West.
Huge Republican debate tonight, and the big story is Donald Trump refuses to participate. He looked at the other candidates and said "these guys are crazy."
Since his latest sexting scandal, things keep getting worse for NYC Mayoral Candidate Anthony Weiner.  Yesterday, Anthony Weiner’s campaign manager quit.  Weiner didn’t give any severance but he did offer him a package.
I wasn’t going to try Prilosec, but then I saw an online ad of theirs featuring Larry the Cable Guy.
A study found that many types of head lice have mutated and now become resistant to over-the-counter treatments. The problem has scientists scratching their heads.
Yesterday on Twitter, Magic Johnson wished Hillary Clinton a happy birthday. Hillary was confused at first because her husband’s Twitter handle is also "Magic Johnson."
According to a recent survey, this year kids are receiving an average of 40 cents less under their pillows from the Tooth Fairy.  Wow—the economy is so bad, even make-believe people are feeling the pinch.
Former CA governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is urging Congress to pass the immigration bill. He said, "There has to be a better way to bring a Hispanic into this country than by impregnating a housekeeper."
Hollywood producers are being asked to work the Affordable Care Act into the plots of TV and movies. Which is why AMC has renamed its zombie drama "The Walking Dead But Not Due to Preexisting Conditions."
Fox News is starting a channel for children. It’s going to call President Obama a "Socialist Kenyan Muslim With Cooties."
Bernie Sanders gave a rebuttal to Trump's State of the Union address. Sanders' speech lasted about 20 minutes with two pee breaks.
A new study came out and it finds that Michelle Obama’s "Let’s Move" program may have caused people to actually gain weight. Apparently many mistook the slogan to mean, "Let’s move next door to a Cinnabon."
The new iPhone will be able to track stair climbing and mountain hiking. So, the big question is: will it have any features for Americans?
This holiday weekend, Chicago's Midway airport is featuring live blues and jazz performances for passengers waiting at baggage claim. Not to be outdone, New York's JFK airport will feature baggage belonging to the passengers in Chicago.
After his meeting at the White House, Bernie Sanders said he’s going to do everything he can "to make sure that Donald Trump does not become President of the United States." Bernie said, "I’m even willing to make Hillary my Vice President."
David Beckham said he was hazed his first year as a pro player. For 10 grueling minutes, he was forced to pose for photos with a shirt on.
A 100-year old woman in the United Kingdom has revealed that her secret to staying sharp is playing a Nintendo DS.  Sadly, no one has the heart to tell her, that's a garage door opener.
When I die, I want to be buried with my boots on. Specifically, my black Prada Saffiano Leather Plain-Toes.
I think Eva Longoria is stalking me. Just caught her staring at me as I crouch inside her hedges.
According to a new CNN poll, potential presidential candidate Donald Trump has nearly doubled his support since March. Although technically, all he did was comb his March numbers over his current ones.
Over the weekend, the first-ever transgender beauty pageant contestant lost the Miss Universe pageant.  She said, "I can't believe after all those operations, I still got the shaft."
A clothing company has come out with new 3D T-shirts. Which is great, but you know who's been wearing 3-D t-shirts for years? Women.
At the Consumer Electronics Show, Hershey’s has unveiled a 3-D printer that makes chocolate. If you think Americans get angry when their paper printer is jammed, wait till their chocolate printer gets jammed.
Today at the White House, President Obama welcomed the 2013 Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks. The President was excited to meet the hockey players and tell them Obamacare includes dental.
It’s been announced that Vice President Joe Biden will be a presenter at Sunday night’s Oscars. So, diversity problem - solved!
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has a catchphrase and it’s "Feel the Bern." Of course, now he’s being sued because that’s Del Taco’s slogan.
At last night's Republican debate, Mitt Romney talked about his love of hunting.  In fact, Romney said on his last hunting trip, he shot three deer and fired two elk.
For the last week of her show, Oprah Winfrey will tape at the United Center with 20,000 people in the audience. Three of them will be men. 
Last night at a fundraiser, First Lady Michelle Obama got into a heated face to face confrontation with a heckler who turned out to be a lesbian.  After hearing this, Bill Clinton said, “This story just keeps getting hotter and hotter.”
In Florida, a 69-year-old woman was arrested for stealing hundreds of dollars' worth of lingerie. The authorities released her after she threatened to model the lingerie.
I thought I’d seen it all, California. Wow. Gluten-free urinal cakes?
A gambler won 14 million dollars on last night’s World Series game. Here’s what’s suspicious - turns out it was some guy named "Yu Darvish."
There’s a brand new 3D printer that can print pizza, cookies, and cake. Inventors are calling this amazing new device an "oven."
Today, presidential primaries are being held in California, Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota, and South Dakota. Or, as it’s being reported in the media, California.
Officials in Indiana have discovered a working meth lab inside a Walmart. People became suspicious when they noticed a Walmart employee making a decent living.
I buy all my flags on July 5th.
A video has surfaced of a brawl among a group of Where’s Waldo impersonators. Now, they are on the run and police can’t find them.
Marvel has announced nine more upcoming superhero movies. I think they may be getting desperate, because one of them is entitled, "Avengers: Blah Blah, Just Give Us Your Money."
A new report just came out and it says if President Trump deported every single illegal immigrant it would cost $114 billion. When he was told this, Trump said, "What would it cost if we just deport the fatties?"
It's been reported that the opening ceremonies will include a video of James Bond and Queen Elizabeth. The bad news is—  it's a sex video.
I remember the good old days when a movie poster could just be a movie poster without having to sell out and advertise an upcoming movie.
Tomorrow night is the vice-presidential debate between Mike Pence and Tim Kaine. Experts expect a record number of people not to watch it.
One of the best pieces of wisdom I’ve ever received: Never buy a steak out of someone’s backpack.
Major League Lacrosse is upset at Jay-Z because in one of his new lyrics, he calls the sport "soft." Meanwhile, rappers are upset that Jay-Z is now rapping about lacrosse.
After dropping a touchdown pass, a wide receiver for the Buffalo Bills sent an angry tweet blaming God.  Lucky for him, he blamed the Old Testament God who is still on MySpace.
The new iPad apparently only has modest improvements over previous models.  Which, of course, means I will trample over my own mother to get one.
Airbnb is having a contest in which the winner gets to spend a night at a Major League Baseball park. Of course, if you want to spend eight hours sleeping in a baseball park, you can just attend a game.
We’re posting many of our rare or never-before-seen clips from the show’s past 20 years online. But if you really want to laugh — go to www.healthcare.gov.
Marco Rubio reportedly wants to play a role in the upcoming Republican convention. It all depends on whether or not they need a sign-spinner.
Dubai has laid out plans for a series of amusement parks. They’ll include scary, never-before-seen thrill rides like "The Tunnel of Women’s Education."
The makers of a pill to boost women’s libido is trying a third attempt at approval after two rejections. It’s designed for guys who are also making a third attempt after two rejections.
Just before his record-breaking 100 meter dash, gold medalist Usain Bolt ate at McDonald's. Apparently, he timed his meal so that when the race started, he would have exactly 9.63 seconds to get to a toilet.
The Catholic Church has approved a new app that lets you make confessions over your iPhone. It's also the first technology that raises the possibility of "accidentally butt-dialing God."
11 Secret Service agents reportedly had sex with prostitutes.  People got suspicious when they noticed Secret Service Agents wearing nothing but their sunglasses and ear pieces. 
Republican Mike Huckabee criticized the Obamas for letting their daughters listen to Beyoncé due to her explicit lyrics. So now the Obama girls are faced with the tough choice every teen must eventually make: listen to Beyoncé or Mike Huckabee.
North Korea has threatened to nuke the United States. Which begs the question: what the hell did Dennis Rodman say over there?
I just discovered that I can power all my appliances with the perkiness of that girl in the Progressive Insurance commercials.
The state of Maine has removed the word "squaw" from six locations after complaints that "squaw" means "whore" in some Native American dialects.  So next summer I can't wait to vacation with my family at Skank Lake.
It’s been revealed that the iPhone will not autocorrect the word "marijuana." This explains why the other night, Snoop Dog was delivered a package of marinara.
Last night on "American Idol," Lady Gaga wore shoes that had penises for heels. There was an awkward moment when Lady Gaga fell down – because her left shoe lost its erection.
This weekend, Bristol Palin's baby's daddy, Levi Johnston, married the mother of his new baby and wore camouflage at the ceremony. I guess Levi wanted his wife and new baby to get used to not seeing him.
Republican Presidential Candidate Jon Huntsman's new campaign ad says he's "not in it for the balloons."  After hearing this, George W. Bush said, "But the balloons are the best part."
A health advocacy group has criticized the Cheesecake Factory for offering meals that contain over 3,000 calories. Today, the CEO of the Cheesecake Factory said, "What part of "Factory of Cheese and Cake" don't you understand?"
Senator John McCain recently asked Apple CEO Tim Cook why the apps always need to be updated. McCain also wanted to know how often he should feed Siri.
The Mayor of Toronto said he smoked crack but it will never happen again. In other words, he’s discovered meth.
In a new interview, Vin Diesel said "Fast & Furious 7" will win the Oscar for Best Picture. He’s being kept in a hospital overnight for observation.
If the Boy Scouts were smart, they’d buy cookies from the Girl Scouts then sell them for more money during the off season.
Two of the top Halloween costumes this year are Katy Perry and Snooki. Of course, the Katy Perry costume is just two Snooki costumes stuffed down your shirt.
Today, North Koreans celebrated the 101st birthday of their country's founder, the late Kim Il Sung.   It was Kim Il-Sung who famously said, "Hey, let's have a crappy version of South Korea."
Fall officially starts today in Los Angeles. Time to put away my shorts and break out my slightly thicker shorts.
According to a new poll that just came out, a majority of Trump voters believe that white people are losing out to minorities. The poll was taken at an NBA game.
In a recent poll, California was voted the least popular state in the US.  But don't worry, we are still the most popular state in Mexico.
In California, the owner of a Christian medical marijuana dispensary says God told him to sell pot. The dispensary owner said, "It’s right there in the book of DUDE-eronomy." 
I dreamed I was driving 100 mph on the freeway and when I woke up I was driving 100 mph on the freeway.
People are speculating that Mitt Romney is wearing self-tanner to pander to Latino voters. Even worse, he spent all of today driving through Hispanic neighborhoods with a Chihuahua strapped to his roof.
According to a new poll, 29% of Americans do not know who our Vice President is.  Even worse, 59% of Americans think our Surgeon General is Dr. Dre.
This year, for the first time ever, Saudi Arabia will allow women to compete in the Summer Olympics.  The rumor is that Saudi women are excellent runners because they're not allowed to drive.
Look for me in the credits of the new "Entourage" movie. I was "Lead Fedora Wrangler."
The FCC has announced strict new rules to protect online privacy. The announcement was released today on WikiLeaks.
According to a new poll, if the election were held today, Mitt Romney would beat Barack Obama. A spokesman for Mitt Romney said, "No, he’d find a way to blow it."
The White House admitted that Vice President Joe Biden's endorsement of gay marriage forced President Obama to come out in favor of it. In a related story, millions of young Americans are now trying to get Biden hooked on pot.
An outdoor apparel company has released stiletto heels that can be worn while hiking. They say the stilettos should be make the climb up Mount Skankmore that much easier.
Two-thirds of Americans think fake news causes confusion. The other one-third said, "Why are we talking about this when we’re being invaded by killer dolphins?"
While on vacation, former President Obama was seen wearing flip flops and a backwards baseball cap. So in just one week he’s gone from leader of the free world to the "cool" English teacher.
The University of Alabama-Birmingham has decided to discontinue its football team. When they heard this news, New York Jets' fans said, "Wait, you can do that?"
The white woman pretending to be African American has resigned from her position in the NAACP. She was last spotted walking out of the NAACP offices with a box full of her Coldplay CDs.
Today is Captain Jean-Luc Picard Day. If you already knew that, enjoy your night alone.
Taco Bell says it will now get rid of all artificial ingredients from its menu. A spokesman said, "Come in and enjoy tacos made from Doritos, just the way Grandma used to make 'em."
A woman has been charged with filing a false police report after posting that she had been kidnapped on Facebook. People grew suspicious when the woman liked her own kidnapping.
During a search of a Guantanamo Bay prison cell, guards found a copy of Al Qaeda Magazine.  The lead article was, "10 Ways to Tell if Your Man's an Infidel."
An ancestry society announced that Prince William's fiancée Kate Middleton is a distant cousin to Ellen DeGeneres.  This explains why, on her wedding day, Kate plans to put on a pair of cargo pants and dance up the aisle.
Looks like I’m getting back one chicken leg and 4 golden Sacagawea coins. I probably shouldn’t do my own taxes.
It's come out that some of the NFL replacement refs used to work for the Lingerie Football League. The owners say they were forced to use them because they couldn't afford the refs from "The Puppy Bowl."
It’s being reported that Bernie Sanders is planning on cutting half of his campaign staff. Bernie said, "I’m saving money by only keeping the most delusional."
A chef has created a 400-pound gingerbread replica of Chicago’s Wrigley Field. The gingerbread stadium combines Chicago residents' two greatest passions: baseball, and diabetes.
The makers of drones want the media to stop calling their unmanned aircrafts “drones.” The makers of drones said, “We prefer the term ‘surprise visitor!’”
Right now there is snow on the ground in 49 of the 50 states with the only exception being Florida.  In other words in all 50 states, people are driving 20 MPH on the highway.
Critics have called "Sons of Anarchy," "Hamlet on motorcycles." Which is better than the original concept for the show, "Macbeth on Segways."
A new study of online dating profiles reveal women respond 31% better to men who use the word "whom."  Frankly, I don’t know whom these men are or whom they’re trying to impress.
Opera star Andrea Bocelli has backed out of performing at Donald Trump’s inauguration after pressure from his fans. So congratulations to his replacement Chumbawumba.
Looking back on my life so far, I’m proud to say I’ve only committed speakable horrors.
If A-Rod is suspended from major league baseball, he also won’t be able to play in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. Which means someone’s company’s softball team is really going to start kicking ass.
Indiana lawmakers claim they are going to tweak the new law to prove it’s not discriminatory to gays. For example, they’re lifting the ban on "live-tweeting the Tonys."
Today John McCain said the shutdown was "one of the more shameful" things he’s seen as a Senator.  And that’s from a guy who saw Lincoln get shot.
It’s come out that President Trump has spent nearly one third of his presidency in a Trump-branded property. And folks, that’s not even counting his wife Melania.
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady gave a press conference today and he said that after equipment managers prepare the footballs, he doesn’t want anyone "touching the balls or rubbing the balls because the balls are perfect." Then members of the press took a 45-minute giggle break.
The new head of the Secret Service used to work for the cable company Comcast. That’s true. So now intruders at the White House can only sneak in during the hours of 10:00 and 2:00.
Meteorologists say temperatures may reach 100 degrees in Washington DC. Of course, Republicans have vowed to not let it go above 96 degrees.
Today marked the first time a President used the word "gay" in an Inauguration Speech.  It was the part of the speech where Obama pointed to the Washington Monument and said, "Whoever designed that must have been pretty gay."
Last night's episode of Glee caused some controversy by featuring the show's first gay sex scene.  Glee fans were infuriated by the scene and described it as, "not gay enough."
Musician Kenny G tweeted his support of the Hong Kong protestors and now China’s Communist government is mad at him. It’s serious - China has threatened to pull Kenny G’s music out of all their elevators.
Today is 4/20. 4/20 is that special day of the year when everyone who smokes pot continues to smoke pot.
The winner of the Alabama Senate Primary, Roy Moore, once equated homosexuality to having sex with a cow. Moore went on to say, “However, I also have some criticisms of it.”
It's being reported that Taco Bell is spending $3 million in a new advertising campaign to battle public perception about their beef. That explains why they've changed their slogan from "Think Outside the Bun" to "Hey, It's Food For 89 Cents!"
The man who hacked into Scarlett Johansson's cell phone and posted nude photos of her has pled guilty. However, the judge has agreed to reduce the man's sentence if he solemnly swears to do it again.
The website Pornhub has launched the first ever channel that features adult videos with a 360-degree view. It’s for everyone who’s ever said, "I like watching sex, but I really want to know more about the lighting guy."
He's going to be okay, but a Montana man was attacked by a bear twice in the same day. Afterwards, the man said, "That’s it, no more Tinder for me."
Hackers have leaked the actual names of people on the cheater’s website AshleyMadison.com. And the good news, ladies, as of today they’re single.
For Veterans Day, Hooters is offering all veterans a free meal. And if you’re a sailor, you get to motorboat the waitress.
A woman who claims P. Diddy is the father of her baby is suing him for 900 billion dollars.  The woman is being described as "very angry" and "very bad at math."
According to a new report, marijuana is the most popular drug on earth.  So better luck next year, bath salts that make you eat someone else's face.
James Comey testified that every time he thought President Trump was lying he wrote it down. Which explains why Comey was just rushed to the hospital for carpal tunnel syndrome.
North Korea has reportedly released its own version of Netflix called "Manbang." Calm down everyone, in the Korean language, "Manbang" means "anal sex."
I’m being blackmailed by my mistress. She’s threatening to tell everyone we only get together to play Jenga.
A woman was kicked off a Southwest airlines flight for kissing her female partner.  A spokesperson for Southwest said, "That's not true, we kicked them off because they stopped."
Jarod from Subway is now worth $15 million. So it’s official: Jarod, you can eat somewhere other than Subway.
A video of a two-year-old rapper has reached almost a million hits on YouTube. He's the only rapper who, when rapping about his crib, is rapping about his actual crib.
Mike Tyson said that he once walked in on his wife having sex with Brad Pitt. In a related story, Brad Pitt said Mike Tyson once saw him crap his pants.
El Chapo is back in prison and this time he’s not allowed to have any conjugal visits with his wife. He told his lawyer, "Great, now they won’t let me near ANY tunnels."
The Vatican confirmed that Pope Benedict XVI hit his head during a trip to Mexico. Apparently, when he came to, his first words were, "I'm the WHAT?"
"Jersey Shore" star Snooki announced that this fall she is releasing her own fragrance.  No one had the heart to tell her she already has.
In Las Vegas, a man’s missing $35,000 Rolex was found in his masseuse’s vagina.  The man said, "I think I know where she put my college ring, and she can keep it."
A police department in Mexico is trying to recruit more cops who are tall, thin, and female. Which explains why I’m getting all these job offers from the Mexican police department.
In his Oscars monologue, Chris Rock said black actors should get roles like Leonardo DiCaprio does. Then black actors saw the bear scene from "The Revenant" and said, "We're good, you know, actually."
The World Health Organization has declared the nation of Nigeria, "Ebola-free." So kids, Spring Break is back on.
Former New York Governor Eliot Spitzer, who was caught frequenting prostitutes several years ago, is running for office again in New York. His campaign slogan is “Spitzer: Creating Jobs by the Hour.”
Last week, Katy Perry spoke at a pro-Obama rally in a skin tight dress.  People who were there said Perry had two good points. 
An Italian chef lost 100 pounds in seven months by eating pizza every day. When asked how, he said, "It’s really shitty pizza."
A company has created a care package to give women on their period, and it includes tea, tampons, and chocolate. They've also created a care package for men that includes 5 days at a hotel.
A top official in Saudi Arabia said today that a Trump presidency would "set the world back centuries." The Saudi added, "Which is why Trump has our full support."
The TV writer who created the catchphrase "What chu talking bout, Willis?" died at the age of 92. On his deathbed he confessed, "I always knew what Willis was talkin’ bout."
Over the weekend, it was leaked that Tiger Woods's divorce settlement ended up netting his ex-wife almost $100 million.  The news was leaked to the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times and Kobe Bryant's wife.
Last week, most of Newt Gingrich's campaign staff all quit on the same day, and some people are blaming Newt's third wife.  When asked about it, Newt said, "Don't worry, I'll win them back with my fourth wife."
On Sunday, a cruise ship set out from England to exactly replicate the voyage of the Titanic. The tickets were most popular with people who have no idea what happened to the Titanic.  
Until Mexico has White Walkers, I don’t think we need a wall.
This weekend, police caught a burglar because he was wearing the woman’s swimsuit that he stole. So now the man’s been imprisoned - and yet also, strangely freed.
The man who released the nude photos of celebrities has admitted he’s on the run. However, he has been given asylum by a shadowy group known only as “guys.”
Today President Trump tweeted, "Happy Birthday to our First Lady, Melania!" And this is historic - it’s the first time Trump has said something nice to an immigrant.
In NJ, a woman suffers from "Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder" which causes her to have as many as 100 orgasms a day.  Meanwhile, her boyfriend suffers from "Persistent High-Fiving Other Dudes Syndrome." 
In Las Vegas, "Transformers" director Michael Bay stormed off stage after a teleprompter wasn’t showing his speech. Bay said he hasn’t walked out on anything since he saw the last "Transformers" movie.
A new porn site is donating a penny to charity each time someone watches one of their porn videos. So finally, a reason to watch porn.
In Texas this weekend, a movie theater hosted a showing of the movie "It" that was for an audience made up entirely of clowns. Only one car showed up but the place was packed.
This morning, the Pentagon announced that the United States has captured a leader responsible for the Benghazi attacks. Republicans were ecstatic, and said, "so they finally got Hillary."
The star of "Duck Dynasty" spoke out against homosexuality. He said, the only beard a man should have is one that houses lice and squirrels.
If eating fish is so good for your brain, how come sharks always score so poorly on the SAT?
You have to get up pretty early in the morning to catch me using a cliche.
The Obama administration recently set aside over 180 Million acres of land for polar bears.  When she heard about it, Sarah Palin said, "Todd – get my gun."
Pluto’s letting the publicity get to his head - he just signed on for the next "Entourage" movie.
According to a new poll that just came out, more Americans are scared of clowns than they are of climate change. Which makes sense when you think about it, because clowns leave a really, really big carbon footprint.
A new kind of cosmetic surgery for women removes body fat and redistributes it to the breasts. If you're interested in the procedure, just go to your doctor and ask for the "Win/Win."
Today, the Dalai Lama announced that he is stepping down as the leader of Tibet.  The Dalai Lama's exact quote was, "I've had enough of this shit."
It's being reported that a security breach at a popular porn site has revealed users' email addresses and passwords. I just want to reiterate to my wife that the user "conan@obrien.com, password ‘ILoveTBS'"—that's not me.
Just saw the updated Charlie Brown special where they grind up the Great Pumpkin to flavor someone’s latte.
It's the last weekend of summer, unless you live in LA, where it's the 198,789,960 weekend of summer. Chew on that, Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Michele Bachmann told students that it's okay to settle for cake batter if the local yogurt shop is out of cookies and cream. It was in response to the question—"Can you give us a food-based metaphor that explains your marriage?"
At The Golden Globes, the E! network described Michael J Fox’s Parkinson’s disease as a "fun fact." Here’s another fun fact – someone at E! got fired this morning. 
A new report says that Donald Trump has spent 1 million dollars trying to figure out if he should run for president in 2016. Experts are already calling it The World’s Most Expensive “No.”
Yesterday, Sarah Palin said that she read Bristol Palin's new book and that she found it, "Shocking."  When asked what was shocking, Palin said, "The fact that I read a book."
New research finds that consuming potatoes and alcohol can lower your sperm count. So fellas, this St. Patrick’s Day could be our last.
The University of Louisville is being accused of luring basketball recruits to the school with strippers and prostitutes. To be fair, college ball is supposed to prepare them for life in the NBA.
Over the weekend at an Olympic exhibition game, the womens' hockey teams of the US and Canada got into a full-on, all-female brawl. Olympic referees ruled the incident, "unsportsmanlike," "unprofessional," and "super-hot."
Today, North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un warned that he might unleash a “super mighty preemptive strike.” When she heard, Mrs. Kim Jong-Un rolled her eyes and said, "Trust me, I wouldn’t worry about it."
Actually, it was the 9th GOP debate, and I think they're running out of things to debate.  Tonight they just argued over who was the best lead singer for Van Halen.
The Supreme Court ruled that a company has the legal right to have an offensive name. In other words, Trump Tower is going to stay Trump Tower.
The director of "Zero Dark Thirty," has come out against torture. And in a related story, the director of "Lincoln" has come out against going to the theater in 1865.
The Secret Service maintains that they are allowed to use "lethal force" to stop someone from entering the White House. After hearing this, President Obama invited Tea Party leaders over for lunch.
A new study finds that listening to the radio makes people happier than surfing the internet.  The study was conducted by a group of people who are unaware there's porn on the internet.
Yesterday, Kim Jong-un hurled a series of insults at Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. In a related story, Fox News has finally found its replacement for Bill O’Reilly.
Matthew McConaughey is being paid $135,000 to make a commencement speech. That works out to $4,000 per "alright."
Actress Winona Ryder says she is afraid of the internet, and that "the Googling" will lead her to be a member of Al Qaeda. In a related story, Winona Ryder has become your grandmother.
While performing a concert in Sweden, Lenny Kravitz split his pants while dancing and exposed his penis. Even more shocking, the penis then did a 20 minute drum solo.
It’s being reported that the girlfriend of Donald Sterling may have 100 more hours of his racist audio.  Or as Rush Limbaugh calls that, "A month’s worth of talk radio."
In an attempt to bring back more users, MySpace unveiled the redesign for its website. I think it's going to work, because they've changed the name from MySpace to "Free Porn."
This baseball season has an upside: my son gets to see the Red Sox I grew up with!
During an appearance on Fox News, Sarah Palin stated that we were in a "squirmish" with Libya.  After she was corrected, Palin said, "Listen – I shouldn't be expected to get everything 100% Acura."
To compete with Amazon, today Walmart started offering free 2-day shipping. The only problem is no one wants anything from Walmart to arrive that fast.
The line between hipster and homeless gets thinner by the day-scarf.
According to a new study, talking after having sex just as important as sex.  Which is weird, because in my experience, right after sex I just hang up the phone.
In Mexico, for the first time in years, an 1100-pound man has finally left his bed. And the guy on the bottom bunk is very grateful.
Walmart is testing out an app that would allow shoppers to skip the checkout line. Currently that service is known as, "shoplifting."
In Pennsylvania, a pro-life congressman is accused of asking his mistress to get an abortion so his wife wouldn’t find out about his affair. He defended himself saying, "Hey, when I said I’m pro-life I meant I’m pro-MY-life."
In Pennsylvania, an 80-year-old widow found a 40-something year old man living in her house. She waited two years then called the cops.
As Bernie Sanders' campaign is winding down, he had to fire hundreds of staff members. Now Bernie is down to a campaign director, a speechwriter, and a 22-year-old whose job is to keep explaining to him what Snapchat is.
The Republican response to President Obama's State of the Union was given by Senator Marco Rubio. Just one more example of rich white guys getting a Hispanic to do a job they don't want to do.
In Texas, a high school student was arrested for bringing what authorities thought was a bomb to school, but it turned out just to be a clock. Now the kid is in bigger trouble for carrying a device that could bring Texas into the future.
President Trump turned down a chance to throw out the opening day pitch for the Washington Nationals. For some reason, Trump doesn’t want to be surrounded by a bunch of large Hispanic men holding baseball bats.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney is writing a book about his health problems. The book is called, "Life of Too Much Pi."
A recent court case may have laid the groundwork for interns getting paid. Its’ the landmark case of Conan vs. The College Students Who Wash His Car.
Marcus Bachmann wrote an open letter to conservatives describing his wife Michele as "rock solid." Probably not helping was that he then wrote, "As rock solid as Taylor Lautner's yummy abs."
The guy is going to be okay, but in California, a man playing Pokémon Go was stabbed. The man said, "It was terrifying, my lack of a life flashed before my eyes."
Bree Olson revealed that Charlie Sheen used to tweet during sex.  So, if you've ever retweeted Charlie Sheen, you should probably see a doctor.
President Obama’s daughter Malia has gotten her first summer job, working on a TV show. So things are about to get really awkward at "The O'Reilly Factor." 
The New York Jets have released a linebacker for breaking their quarterback’s jaw in a fight in the locker room. In other words, the Jets finally get a player who can hit and they release him.
"The Hunger Games" made a whopping $153 million over the weekend.  So to  get in on the movie's success, before the hour is up, only one of us in this studio will walk out alive. Spoiler alert, Andy lives.
Kirstie Alley is rumored to be joining the next season of "Dancing with the Stars." She's also rumored to be joining the new History Channel show, "Ice Cream Truckers."
During her speech, Ann Romney said, after they got married, she and Mitt lived in a basement. It was a 42-room basement on the French Riviera.
Scientists have found the remains of a large dinosaur covered in a combination of feathers and fur. The feathered-and-furred dinosaur was found in China, but reportedly had hopes of making it to Broadway.
Scientists say the European space probe that landed on the comet has detected organic matter. This means there could be either be life in space or a Whole Foods.
During last night's Presidential Debate, Candidate Herman Cain was asked if he likes "Deep Dish" or "Thin Crust" Pizza.  Then Newt Gingrich interrupted and said, "Wait, there's pizza?"
There's only 10 more shopping days until Christmas.  This year, if you want to give a gift that definitely won't be returned, try giving a US spy drone.
Over the weekend, Pope Francis and former Pope Benedict had lunch together.  Between the two of them, they polished off two bottles of Jesus.
A Saudi Arabian prince has said that oil may never again rise above $100 a barrel. He said it’s gotten so bad, he can’t afford to buy his wife her own car that she’s not allowed to drive.
Rick Perry is a religious, right-wing conservative who’s a former pilot and the governor of Texas. Finally! One of those!
It's being reported that only two members of N'SYNC were invited to Justin Timberlake's wedding. However, the others did attend as caterers.
Today they celebrated Cinco de Mayo at the White House.  In keeping with the times, President Obama whacked a giant piñata, and then gave it a burial at sea. 
Eliot Spitzer is running for comptroller of New York. Spitzer is paying someone $800 a day to collect signatures to put him on the ballot. He said it’s the second best $800 he’s ever spent.
Al Roker said that during a visit to the White House, "I pooped my pants."  He's the first person to soil his pants at the White House since Hillary Clinton came home early and surprised Bill.
An evangelical rewrote a Harry Potter book to rid it of all the witchcraft. Sounds bad, but I really liked her other book "1 Shade of Grey."
Rep. Michele Bachmann once said that gay people lead a "very sad life."  In other words, she's never celebrated Halloween in San Francisco. 
Spending a quiet evening at home, just me and my Nicki Minaj wax figure.
In both Israel and Saudi Arabia, many US journalists are being barred from Trump press events because they’re women. As opposed to here in the US, where they’re barred from Trump press events because they’re journalists.
A nature preserve in Kenya has set up a Tinder account to find a mate for its male white rhino. Then, today, the rhino revealed it would prefer to be on Grindr.
Saw the "Fifty Shades of Grey" movie. It’s 90 minutes of some half-naked guy searching for a tiny handcuff key.
Several days ago, President Trump said an aircraft carrier was heading toward North Korea, it’s an American aircraft carrier, but it turns out it’s actually been sailing in the opposite direction. This is the aircraft carrier, the USS Metaphor.
In a new interview, Mike Tyson reveals that his ex-girlfriend cooked and ate his pet pigeon in front of him. Tyson said, "But she also had a dark side."
Yesterday, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made an unannounced visit to Libya.  When told the news, Bill Clinton said, "There's nothing more terrifying than Hillary's unannounced visits."
I predicted the Celtics would win Game 7 and they did, by over 30 points. I watched it all on my special cable channel, Delude-O-Vision.
There is a lot of speculation about who is going to be the next Pope.  They're looking for someone younger, someone Catholic and someone celibate, so folks – I think I've got a shot.
While in space, the crew onboard Discovery received a call from President Obama. The President told them, "You are not going to believe what's happening with Charlie Sheen down here."
The latest rumor in Hollywood is that Lindsay Lohan has been hospitalized for walking pneumonia.  Doctors say no one should start worrying until Lohan comes down with "driving pneumonia."
Last night Nicki Minaj showed up at the Grammys red carpet with someone dressed as the Pope. Either that, or the Pope has a lot of explaining to do.
At their dinner together, President-elect Donald Trump and Mitt Romney dined on sautéed frogs legs. I don’t know about you, but eating frogs legs with Donald Trump sounds like someone lost a bet.
In a late night vote yesterday, the Senate made it illegal to sue a bank. Which is why today, Harvey Weinstein petitioned to become a bank.
Donald Trump is still being mocked for promising in the debate to "cut taxes bigly." Trump has apologized, and promised in the next debate he’ll "speak more goodly."
Chevrolet announced its newest car in a press release written only in emojis. The idea came from Chevy’s new CEO, a 16-year-old cheerleader named Amber.
At last night’s Golden Globes, Meryl Streep criticized Donald Trump, then Trump tweeted that she is "overrated." "Overrated" is different from Trump’s normal insult for women, "over 40."
On a recent worldwide math test, American teenagers ranked 25th out of 34 countries.  When they heard this, American teens said, "Yeah right – like there's 34 countries!"
This week, the NATO summit was in Chicago, and there were riots in the streets. Chicago police were forced to disperse the crowd with healthy food. Salad shooter
Today the city of Detroit went before a judge to prove it is eligible for bankruptcy. All they did was walk into the Detroit courtroom and point out the window.
The NBA is considering introducing jerseys with players’ nicknames rather than their last names.  Players like the nickname jerseys because it’s easier for fans to relate to them and harder for women looking for child support to find them. 
Donald Trump said he will reveal "big news" about President Obama on Wednesday.  Trump said he would've announced it sooner, but do you know how long it takes to forge a  Kenyan birth certificate?
They're making 9 more Star Wars movies. I can't wait until Darth Maul becomes Darth Mall-Walker.
In Florida, a 101-year-old man is planning to run for Congress. His slogan is, "Vote for me, and then vote again in two months."
On Friday, Mitt Romney disclosed his earnings and he's worth between $190 and $250 million. Romney says there's a $60 million discrepancy because there's still one pair of jeans where he hasn't checked the pockets.
It was reported today that Moammar Gadhafi once wrote a children's book. It's called, "Horton Hears Voices in His Head."
Studies show that Republican candidates are buying lots of ad time on the Weather Channel.  In fact, whenever the forecast calls for rain, they pay the weathermen to say, "Thanks a lot, Obama!"
I’m almost done with my Christmas shopping. Thanks, Burger King!
I’m going to say we’re 10 months away from a "Real White Housewives of DC" show.
Driving conditions are terrible. It's so bad, I was driving home last night, and saw Lindsay Lohan slide onto the road.
Tonight is the big debate and people have already come up with drinking games for it. The most popular game is the one where you skip the debate and go out drinking.
Last Friday, Amazon, CNN, and Twitter were all down all over the United States. It’s a chilling day that will one day be known in history as "Productive Friday."
New  research has confirmed that while in the womb, fetuses can get erections. The finding was called "amazing" by scientists and “horrifying” by twins.
During last night’s Rams v. 49ers NFL game, a fan that ran onto the field had more rushing yards than the entire Rams offense. The guy got arrested, so now that we know he can run and has a criminal record, he’s perfect for the NFL.
A Mexican judge ruled that El Chapo can be extradited to the U.S. After hearing about it, El Chapo said, "Great, I know just the tunnel."
At a Starbucks, a woman named Virginia got angry because the barista wrote "Vagina" on her latte. And when people heard they were serving vagina, the line at Starbucks got even longer.
The U.S. government is less than one week away from running out of money to pay its bills. Things are so bad, America may have to move in with Canada for a while.
More than 300,000 people moved to Texas this past year - that’s more than any other state. But when you add in all of the executions, things pretty much evened out.
Today, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch was grilled about his stance on torture. And after just five minutes of questioning, Gorsuch broke down and told them everything.
In reference to his bridge scandal, Chris Christie said, "I’m trying to get my arms around an awful situation." Christie’s wife said, "That sounds like me every night."
Hooters is offering a free Mother’s Day meal. If you want to bring your Mother into a Hooters restaurant, just make a reservation under the name "Freud."
In Rio de Janeiro, they’ve kicked off World Youth Day— which is one of the largest gatherings for devout young Catholics. In other words, this weekend, ComicCon was only the second largest gathering of virgins.
This weekend, Donald Trump tried to win over black voters by asking them, "what the hell do you have to lose?" Coincidentally, that’s also the way he proposed to all three of his wives.
An analyst for Time magazine says the key to the survival of the Republican Party is bringing in young women. When told this, Bill Clinton said, "Hey man, that’s the key to every party."
In Pakistan, there’s a new TV show about a female superhero called “The Burka Avenger.” Her fantastic superpowers include flying, X-ray vision, and “going to college.”
I picked out my Halloween costume. I’m going as "Slutty Madeleine Albright."
The President of J.Crew is reportedly leaving her husband for another woman.  In a related story, this fall, flannel shirts are in.
The owners of Tinder are purchasing another dating website for more than half a billion dollars. Actually, Tinder didn’t mean to buy the website, they just accidentally swiped right.
Subway sandwiches has announced a major new campaign to get people to eat healthier. I’m no health expert, but maybe the first thing to do is not sell people piles of meat and bread "by the foot."
Yesterday, former presidential candidate Michele Bachmann said that what's happening to Rush Limbaugh is "overkill." Moments later, Rush called Michele Bachmann on the phone and said, "Thanks, slut!"
The Secret Service said there have been 40 fence-jumping incidents at the White House in the past five years. Half of them were intruders trying to get in, and the other half were President Obama trying to get out.
Today a woman here in California wore a bikini to the Los Angeles airport hoping to bypass the TSA pat-down. That woman is still being patted down.
Arby's is celebrating the "Game of Thrones" season finale by offering its customers a giant turkey leg. It’s all part of their "Game of Thrones" tie-in, "Diarrhea is Coming."
Toys "R" Us announced they will stay open for 87 hours straight leading up to Christmas day. To get ready, this morning Toys "R" Us started hiring only meth addicts.
This Sunday is the very last "Breaking Bad." From now on, if you want to see psychotic murderers attack each other on a Sunday, you’ll have to watch the NFL.
Justin Bieber turned himself in at a Toronto police station for an assault charge. There was a bit of confusion when Bieber first arrived and policemen asked, "Hey little girl, have you lost your Mommy?"
The electronics company LG has designed a dishwasher that can send text messages to you. It should be popular because the only text the dishwasher sends is, "I’m so wet."
I'm great in the sack, not so great in the bed.
Even though the Olympics take place during Ramadan, some Muslim athletes said that they will not fast during the London Olympics. Then after sampling the British food they said, "On second thought, fasting sounds good."
Yesterday President Obama called the coach of the Green Bay Packers to congratulate him on his team's Super Bowl victory.  Then he met with the victims of the Black Eyed Peas halftime show.
Today is Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year and it’s the year 5775. Jewish scholars keep track of the number by counting the candles on Larry King’s birthday cake.  
Grover Norquist wants to rename the Redskins, the "Washington Reagans." So they’ll at least be able to beat Grenada.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie gave his state of the state address.  Christie started the speech by saying "Sorry I’m late, but I can’t control the traffic."
A wide receiver for the Chicago Bears claims NFL players use Viagra to give them "an edge."  Apparently, it comes in handy when it's fourth and inches. 
The Obama Administration has announced that it may stop giving foreign aid to countries that discriminate against gays. It's particularly bad news for the Republic of "No-Homo-Stan."
Sunday night's Oscars are being called the most diverse ever, with a Mexican winning Best Director, and a Kenyan winning Best Supporting Actress. Matthew McConaughey noticed this and said, "Finally, it’s not all white, all white, all white."
A new report says that if Republicans want to win over young voters they need to get up to date on technology. The GOP is listening because today they told young people everywhere, “Be prepared to receive a VERY exciting fax from us!”
After President Obama explained to former President Bush how he ordered Team 6 to take out bin Laden, Bush reportedly said "Good call."  Actually, Bush's exact words were, "Good call – but I still would've sent Batman."
The TSA has admitted that it was wrong to let its screeners strip-search two elderly women last month. However, the screeners won't be punished because living with the memory of what they saw is punishment enough.
Yesterday, a brawl broke out during a Joe Biden speech in China.  Apparently, someone was blocking the exit.
The beef scandal has hit South Africa: this time products have been found containing donkey, water buffalo and goat. So if you're ever eating in South Africa, don't order the McPettingZoo.
It was reported today that the producers of "50 Shades of Grey" will release two versions of the movie.  That’s right — an X-rated version and a version no one will see. 
A Papa John’s customer is suing the restaurant over what he calls an improper 16-cent tax. He’s also suing them for "Improper Use of the Word 'Pizza.'"
At this moment,  7-11's presidential polling contest has President Obama winning re-election. However, those results are being hotly disputed by polling experts at Outback Steakhouse.
Some Americans are texting during sex.  Of course I still miss the good old days of faxing during sex.
Spain’s King Juan Carlos has stepped down from the throne to make way for his son, who’s more popular. Which would be the worst "Game of Thrones" episode ever. 
President Obama has moved his big speech on the economy tomorrow to just before the NFL season opener.  As a sign of how bad the economy is, the NFL had to borrow the quarter for the coin toss from China.
It’s been discovered that in the early 1970's, NASA scientists proposed that women be sent into space so male astronauts could have sex with them. It was all part of a top-secret mission known as "The Other Tang."
Justin Bieber recently went on a twitter rant and listed things he was angry about. #1 is the media, #2 is the paparazzi, #3 is Justin Bieber songs.
In an interview that he just gave, Bill Clinton said one of the things on his bucket list is riding a horse in Mongolia. He said it in the October issue of "If You Know What I Mean" Magazine.
A new poll found that Donald Trump’s recent outrageous comments might cost him the state of Florida. You know things are bad when a candidate is considered "too crazy for Florida."
Queen Elizabeth may be forced to vacate Buckingham Palace while it undergoes renovations. So in accordance with centuries of British Royal tradition, that can only mean one thing: ROAD TRIP!!!
A new book is coming out about the women who shaped Donald Trump including his mother, his grandmother, and his three wives. The book is entitled, "Way To Go, Ladies!"
The New York Times is describing President Obama’s State of the Union as "a balance of terror and reality." Which, coincidentally, is also the motto of Match.com.
People are criticizing Mel Gibson for trying to make a movie about the Jewish hero of Chanukah. Apparently, people really have a problem with Gibson's title for the film, "The Jew Who Stole Christmas."
Breast-feeding activists plan to descend on Washington this Saturday for a public breast-feeding demonstration. Also descending on Washington this Saturday- thousands of men saying, "What? I'm looking at the baby!"
A controversial new novel depicts a world where black people rule over white people. It's called, "True Stories of the NBA."
The restaurant chain Saladworks has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Analysts attribute the failure to it being "a salad restaurant located in America."
Some people are advocating for the right for a human to marry a robot. However, Mitt Romney's wife said, "It's not all it's cracked up to be."
At the Grammys people were commenting on Steven Tyler's moustache. They were saying, "Oh look, that old Romanian lady forgot to wax her lip."
It actually rained in Los Angeles this morning. In response to the rain, Apple’s CEO said, "See - all clouds occasionally leak!"
The latest polls show President Obama's approval ratings among women have risen by 10%. Many people believe this increase is due to Obama's new campaign slogan, "Tell Me About Your Day."
The space probe that landed on the comet is now recording noises, and scientists say it sounds like the comet is singing. Even more amazing, the song is "All About That Bass."
India has outlawed its long, long practice of "instant divorce." However, India will still continue to offer its popular "Cool Ranch Divorce."
Scientists are testing out a new drone that would replace lifeguards. Here’s how it works — if you’re drowning, the drone would fly out and then drop a bomb on you.
It's being reported that the new TSA pat downs have been especially upsetting for the very small number of people who are named "Pat Downs."  Also not thrilled – Delta Airlines pilot Jim Rectalsearch.
This week marks one year since First Lady Michelle Obama started her campaign to end obesity in America.  Meanwhile, at the exact same time everyone in Wisconsin is proudly wearing cheese on their heads.
Today, Michelle Obama said that the Olympics can inspire American kids to get active.  Or it can inspire American kids to sit on the couch and watch the Olympics.
MSNBC created a virtual reality app that lets you experience life in prison. Doesn’t anyone want to be surprised anymore?
Apple suggests that iPhone users turn off their phones if they’re in temperatures below 32 degrees.  Apple also said, if it’s below 32 degrees, you may not want to send a dick pic.
Justin Bieber reportedly caused $20,000 in damage to his neighbor’s home by egging it. It’s being called the most pointless use of an egg since the fertilization of Justin Bieber.
Still no luck starting this new scooter powered exclusively by Kanye West’s humility.
It was reported today that Dr. Dre makes twice as much money as Justin Bieber.  Mainly because of Dr. Dre's lucrative dermatology practice. 
In his acceptance speech, Matthew McConaughey said his hero is always himself 10 years from now. So by the time the Oscars finished, he was his own hero.
Last night, a judge in L.A. officially legalized Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries’ divorce. Kim said, “I’ll never make a mistake that big again” and then patted her belly carrying Kanye West’s baby.
On the campaign trail, an 8-year-old boy approached Michele Bachmann and told her that his gay mom doesn't need fixing. Then he added, "But my straight dad could sure use a drink."
Time magazine has been bought by the billionaire right-wing Koch Brothers. Critics say buying Time magazine could give the Kochs unparalleled political influence over America in 1986.
Last week, Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul came out for the legalization of heroin and prostitution. Unfortunately, not in time to be cast as Charlie Sheen's replacement on "Two and a Half Men."
Today, Newt Gingrich said almost a third of his income goes to paying taxes.  Then Gingrich said another third goes to ordering seconds. 
It's being reported that next season, "Downton Abbey" will feature its first black character. Producers hope this will lead to Downton Abbey's first black viewer.
The White House is pointing out that all presidents take vacations. Teddy Roosevelt took trips to Long Island, Harry Truman would go to Key West and of course, George Bush would go to LegoLand.
Yesterday, President Obama said his weakness is nachos.  Then his advisor told him, "Relax, you've already got the Hispanic vote."
It’s come out that 9% of Americans text during sex. The report also found that, in most cases, men text “OMG” while women text “LOL.”
A man in Canada has built a model of the Millennium Falcon that can clear snow off his driveway. Apparently it makes a nice, clear path to his door that no woman will ever enter.
Andy Warhol’s cousin has been hired to paint a portrait of Kim Kardashian. That’s because, like Andy Warhol, his cousin is also good at painting large cans.
In Iowa this weekend, Sarah Palin ran a half-marathon and came in second place. Of course, no one saw her do it, because she refused to tell anyone she was running.
The Chinese government has banned the use of Google. An official from the Chinese government said, "Google reads people’s emails and tracks their movement, and that’s OUR thing!"
The federal prison population has dropped by almost 5,000 people. It’s expected to go back up once the NFL season ends.
Demi Moore's divorce is proceeding and it turns out she wants alimony from Ashton Kutcher. If Demi's suit is successful they'll have to rename the show "One And A Quarter Men."
A new study is saying that women married to men with large penises are more likely to cheat. In other words, you’re looking at a very happily married man.
A teacher in Arkansas is in trouble for giving alcohol to underage students. But to be fair, just because you’re in fifth grade in Arkansas, it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re under 21.
The craft website Etsy has officially banned the sale of Confederate flag merchandise. That’s bad news for everyone who was hoping to buy a Confederate flag dream journal.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson said that he might run for President of the United States later on down the line. When they heard, the Republican Party asked him, "Can you start tomorrow?"
A British historical society declared that Britain's greatest foe of all time was George Washington. Coming in second place was Adolf Hitler and third place went to "Madonna's accent."
In England, a 90-year-old woman is teaching yoga.  Or we think she is—she's been in the downward dog position for about 2 days now.
Ann Romney's horse failed to win a medal in the Dressage event today. Which is a shame, because if there's one thing that family needs, it's MORE GOLD!
The USDA has approved the first genetically modified apples that don’t turn brown after being sliced open. The no-browning apples are being called "groundbreaking," "revolutionary," and "slightly racist."
A new study came out and claims that first grade students are getting nearly three times more homework than they should be getting. This is according to the study's lead researcher, Timmy.
Stephen Hawking says he’s solved a big black hole mystery. That’s great, Steve - get back to me when you’ve figured out who stole my yogurt.
A company has released a GPS with President Trump’s voice as a navigator. It doesn’t guide you anywhere, it just keeps reminding you that it won the electoral college.
My iPhone 6 Plus is two days old and it’s already bent. Has anyone else had this issue after leaving their phone on train tracks overnight?
Today the porn star that Congressman Weiner sexted with held a press conference. She talked about Weiner the whole time, until the end, when she spoke a little about the Congressman.
According to a new poll, Congress is less popular than head lice, Nickelback and Donald Trump. In a related story, head lice is insulted it's being lumped in with Donald Trump and Nickelback.
Puerto Rico may fine parents up to $800 if their kids are obese. Well, Puerto Rico, I guess you're not interested in statehood.
During the Pope’s speech to Congress, House Speaker John Boehner was openly weeping. At one point the Pope turned to Boehner and said, "Stop being a little b****."
A Republican lawmaker who was criticized about his vote against Internet privacy said, "Nobody’s got to use the Internet." Then someone told him that’s where porn was, and he said, "I’ve been a fool."
Yesterday in Virginia, President Obama's teleprompter was stolen.  Police are on the look-out for a thief who is eloquent and spreading a message of hope.
Ronnie from "Jersey Shore" has been hospitalized. However, not to worry: Doctors have upgraded Ronnie's condition from "serious to douchey."
Just a few hours after the Pope announced his resignation, the Vatican was struck by lightning.  Sounds like somebody's not handling the break up well.
Happy Father’s Day. After I was born, my father renamed it “Happy ‘Don’t Try to Pin This One on Me’ Day.”
Yesterday, Donald Trump had his third top secret intelligence briefing. If you’d like to know the details, just check Trump’s Twitter feed.
Last night, Donald Trump told an audience that before Monday’s debate, this is a quote, "I pretended I was talking to my family." Then he admitted he frequently accuses his family of deleting emails and creating ISIS.
On Father’s Day my kids gave me breakfast in bed. All I have to say is, my 9-year-old makes a mean mojito.
When asked about the 2020 election, Joe Biden said, "I haven’t decided to run. But I’ve decided I’m not going to decide not to run." Then his wife Jill Biden said, “Welcome to my hell.”
In a new interview, Blake Lively said that, if she could, she would have 30 kids. Read all about it in the October issue of "I've Never Had a Baby So I'm Talking Out of my Ass" Magazine.
Today, Charlie Sheen found out that he has been officially fired from "Two and a Half Men."  From now on the show will be known as, "The Other Guy and The Kid."
The Beach Boys reunited at the Grammys last night and are headed out on tour. And now when they sing about surfing, they mean surfing the internet for discounted prostate medicine.
Another day of heavy rain here in Los Angeles. Which is great if you’re worried about the drought, or if you just like the smell of wet man bun.
People are upset at Facebook because violent videos are now allowed, while breastfeeding videos are not. Which explains a disturbing new trend—violent breastfeeding videos.
Psychologists now believe that adulthood begins at 25, not 18. They also believe that middle age begins the first time you eat at a Denny's sober.
The inventor of the TV remote control has passed away. As per his wishes, he will be buried between two couch cushions.
New York City taxi drivers have been asked to begin racially profiling their passengers. The drivers are being told to report "anyone who looks like them."
According to The New York Times, the Google search "Paul Ryan Shirtless" is 9 times more popular a search than "Paul Ryan budget." The awkward part is, most of those searches have been traced back to Joe Biden's laptop.
In my house, LOL means Laugh Or Leave.
CeeLo Green said he won’t be back as a judge on "The Voice." CeeLo said he wants to spend more time with his family, facing the wrong direction.
Some conservatives are urging Mitt Romney to choose a Latino running mate.  Romney said he's torn between his gardener and his other gardener. 
Potential Republican Presidential Candidate Michele Bachmann referred to Planned Parenthood as the "Lenscrafters of Abortion." Then it got even weirder when she referred to Massachusetts as the "Sunglass Hut of Gay Marriage."
Today, Snoop Dogg endorsed Ron Paul for president. Snoop said he likes Paul's positions on everything from legalizing pot to legalizing pot.
On Friday, a cyberattack shut down Amazon, CNN, and Twitter. Apparently, the cyberterrorists shut down Amazon first, then Amazon suggested they may also like CNN and Twitter.
India announced it’s going to lift its ban on internet pornography. Apparently, their porn is a lot like our porn but with much better dance numbers.
Ear buds were almost called lobe chums.
A maker of women's sanitary pads has unveiled a new ad campaign saying their product will keep you from experiencing "Wikileaks."  Hey, at least it's better than their last ad slogan: "Caps your spill faster than BP."
A new study reveals that up to 41% of college graduates are working in jobs that don't require a degree. By the way, I'm one of them.
This morning, Bernie Sanders held a rally in Atlantic City. Sanders said, "I have a lot in common with Atlantic City - we were both in our prime in the 1920’s."
Yesterday, the entire cabinet of Iran joined Facebook. Then they spent the rest of the day pretending not to see a "Friend Request" from Israel.
During last night’s "Dancing With the Stars," two protesters rushed the stage during Ryan Lochte’s performance. So finally, an assault on Ryan Lochte that really happened.
The George W. Bush Presidential Library will start releasing classified documents from the Bush Administration. One of the documents shows we invaded Iraq because that’s where George W. Bush thought Carmen Sandiego was.
Any of you go to Comic-Con? I was going to go, but I was stopped by security for “Possession of a Wife and a Job.”
After news of the Comey firing broke last night, Press Secretary Sean Spicer avoided reporters by hiding behind a bush outside the White House. Today, Bill Clinton said, "Oh yeah, I remember that bush."
Republican members of the House of Representatives psyched themselves up for the debt ceiling debate by watching a scene from a Ben Affleck movie.  I'm a little worried because the movie was Armageddon.
Ozzy Osbourne has confirmed Black Sabbath will be making one final studio record. Ozzy said he can’t confirm the date or who Ozzy Osbourne is.
In May, President Trump is going to give the commencement address at a Christian university. Trump’s speech will be entitled, "If Jesus Is So Great Why Does He Have a Mexican Name?"
Donald Trump has been saying that Hillary Clinton looks unwell. Trump then admitted he thinks any woman over 35 looks like she’s dying.
A new study shows that on Facebook, animal charities are twice as popular as human rights causes. So the answer is obvious— poor people should dress up like kittens.
Personally, I think America is ready for a woman to scale the White House fence.
The name of Nokia's new smartphone, "Lumia," is also a Spanish word for "prostitute." Which explains why it costs 50 bucks every time you put the Lumia on vibrate.
The Vatican said that, as soon as The Pope resigns, he will no longer be infallible.  The Vatican said, "It's the same thing that happened to Oprah Winfrey."
At a Ted Cruz rally, Carly Fiorina fell off the stage and Cruz didn’t help her up.  The entire crowd immediately began chanting, “Metaphor! Metaphor!”
Since losing the election Mitt Romney is reportedly bored.  After hearing this, Ann Romney said, "You're bored?  I'm sitting around all day with Mitt Romney.
A recent report finds that, by the year 2043, white people will no longer be the majority in America. And, by 2050, people will be saying, “I’m not racist – one of my best friends is white.”
There is a new trend of baby names inspired by the show "Breaking Bad."  The most popular female name is "Skyler" and the most popular boy name is "Yo, Bitch." 
NASA announced they have re-established contact with a spacecraft that had been missing for two years. The spacecraft went missing again when it was told who the Republican nominee is.
For the first time ever, gay people were allowed to march in Boston's St. Patrick's Day parade. And as a lot of guys in Boston feared, it turned everyone wicked gay.
A recent study shows that a typical voting machine can be hacked by anyone with an 8th grade science education.  So the good news is, no one in America will be hacking our voting machines.
Burger King has debuted its bacon sundae.  It comes with whipped cream and a note that says ‘Do Not Resuscitate."
After yesterday’s closely fought Super Bowl, the Patriots were congratulated by Donald Trump. And the Falcons got a call from Hillary saying, "Welcome to my world, fellas."
The Mayor of Rio is pleading with Nintendo to release Pokémon Go in Brazil just in time for the Olympics. He’s even introduced Rio’s own Pokémon character, "Zikachu."
Former WWE legend Pat Patterson officially came out on a wrestling TV show as gay. His fellow wrestlers said they suspected something when Patterson unveiled his signature move, "The Jazz Hands of Death."
"The Hunger Games" is a movie about attractive teenagers who are forced to fight each other to the death. Basically, it's everything you were hoping for the first time you watched "Saved by the Bell."
A new bar in London specializes in something called "breathable booze." Or as we called that growing up in my house, "Standing next to Uncle Patrick."
Charlie Sheen's publicist resigned today. I don't know about you – but I'm really excited to see what Charlie's like now that he's allowed to say whatever he wants.
In her speech at the Republican Convention last night, Ann Romney talked about meeting Mitt at a dance. Apparently, she leaned over to her girlfriends and said, "Who's the guy over there with no rhythm?"
This week, Yahoo! announced the firing of 2,000 employees.  In an effort to figure out just what prompted the layoffs, Yahoo! employees spent hours Googling the answer.
Kim Kardashian is defending her butt photo as an "art project." She then said "excuse me," and pulled her thong underwear out of her art project.
The movie "Fifty Shades of Grey" has gotten a Razzie nomination for Worst Film of the Year. Upon hearing this, the film's director said, "Oooh, looks I’ll have to be punished for that..."
Donald Trump Jr. is under fire for a tweet comparing Syrian refugees to Skittles. Then, due to a misunderstanding, Chris Christie ate hundreds of refugees.
Last night during the GOP debate, Mitt Romney interrupted the proceedings to announce the score of the hockey game. Political experts say this can only mean one thing:  Mitt Romney has already written off the black vote.
Some Republicans are taking aim at Hillary Clinton's age saying she’ll be almost 70 when she runs.  Republicans said, "Being old and white is our thing!"
Last night was a special Christmas episode of "Glee" that featured Chewbacca. Which is weird ‘cause I always thought C3P0 was the gay one?
During his trip to the Middle East, President Obama helped restore Israel's relationship with Turkey. Now on to the final hurdle: restoring Israel's relationship with Pork.
Just a reminder to check on your elderly relatives during these hot summer months. Hi Dad. There, my job’s done.
According to Time magazine, Cinco de Mayo is the 4th drunkest holiday in America. The first three are St. Patrick's Day.
A new study claims that 88% of people's homemade porn ends up on porn sites without the owners' knowledge. In a related story, I just want to say I had no idea that van I was getting into was actually "The Bang Bus." 
In a new interview, former President George W. Bush called the immigration system “broken.”  Bush said, “And not just in this country, other countries are filled with foreigners.”
In his speech last night, President Trump said, let us "set aside our differences and seek common ground." Trump said this because like any good speaker he always opens with a joke.
A new government report reveals that Hillary Clinton ignored the State Department rules about cybersecurity. The report states that Hillary’s recklessness, arrogance, and defiance could get her the Republican presidential nomination.
I know it's early in the season, but so far my Game of Thrones "murder bracket" is intact.
I finally got my tickets to the new Star Wars movie. June 11 is a pretty good date, right?
Ford has recalled almost 600,000 vehicles for steering problems. Owners are being told to bring their cars in as close to the dealership as they can get.
Good to be back on the east coast. I missed mosquitoes the size of hawks.
In a recent interview, former President George W. Bush says that he's a huge fan of his new iPad. Or as he calls it: his "glowing, magic window."
In Pennsylvania, four people were arrested for committing a drive-by water gun attack. If convicted, they could face up to two years in a federal bouncy castle.
The only way Trump will pardon the White House Thanksgiving turkey is if it promises to do the same for him in a few months.
After 60 years of service, the Dalai Lama is stepping down as the political leader of Tibet. Apparently, he heard there was an opening at "Two and a Half Men." 
According to the latest figures, Adele's new album is being downloaded an average of every 7 seconds.  This is due to the fact that every 7 seconds, someone's getting dumped.
Craigslist has shut down their adult services section. Looks like the "used futon for sale" ads are about to get a lot more interesting.
Recently, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg went hunting and he shot and killed a bison.  And just as he pulled the trigger he whispered, "Consider yourself…defriended."
It’s being rumored that Scarlett Johansson will play a young Hillary Clinton in a movie about her life.  As a result, the part of a young Bill Clinton will be played by Bill Clinton.
After appealing his drug suspension, Alex Rodriguez thanked his family, friends and fans for their support. Then he thanked all the horses and cattle for their testosterone.
Some New Jersey democrats have started an investigation to get Chris Christie out of the governor's mansion.  And by "governor’s mansion" they mean the White Castle at exit 8. 
The city of Los Angeles has voted to allow residents to have as many as five cats at a time. And if you’re found with more than five cats, you’ll be fined, and then automatically signed up for Match.com.
Doctors revealed that before his heart surgery former President George W. Bush had a 95% blockage of his artery. After hearing this, Bush said, "Good God, that’s almost half."
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said if his country wants to make a nuclear bomb, they will.  Then he said, he's getting his ears pierced and there's nothing you can do it about, DAD!
An Ohio couple has been arrested for faking their own murder. People grew suspicious when the couple changed their Facebook status to, "we’ve been murdered."
Yesterday, President Trump’s lawyer insisted that Trump is not under investigation. He added, "And you can trust me, I'm Donald Trump's lawyer."
Scientists have developed a new kind of robot that is able to shoot a gun. In fact, earlier today, I was carjacked by my Roomba.
Tonight, the Republican Presidential candidates held a debate in Michigan.  Just what Michigan needs, 12 more people looking for a job.
An American worker was arrested for paying someone in China to do his job for him. The man is being called "lazy," "irresponsible," and "three years ahead of his time."
This week, a Toyota Land Cruiser set the record as the world's fastest SUV after reaching 230 mph. Apparently, somebody was really late to their kid’s soccer game.
Secret Service Director Julia Pierson submitted her resignation. Actually, she jumped the White House fence, ran across the lawn, dove through a window, and handed it to the President.  
In the United Arab Emirates, a wealthy sheikh had his name carved so large in the sand that it can be seen from space.  The best part is that —in even bigger letters—someone wrote "has a tiny penis."
In New York City, a woman gave birth in the back of an Uber. Even more impressive: the Uber app told her, "The baby will be here in 5 minutes."
Officials in Memphis are trying to figure out what to do about a high school where 90 girls are pregnant.  For starters, they are going to get rid of their mascot, "The Leaky Trojan."
A new study shows that, as a mother ages, she gets depressed if she doesn't receive a phone call from her favorite child. I don't have a joke here, I just want to remind my brother Luke to call mom.
The LA Clippers staged a protest of their owner’s racist remarks by wearing their uniforms inside out. Meanwhile, the LA Lakers have been wearing their uniforms inside out so no one would know they play for the Lakers.
I just heard someone logging onto AOL. Instead of “You’ve Got Mail” the voice now says, “Greetings, Old Fool!”
Political analysts are saying that, as a candidate, Donald Trump is "a totally unqualified nuisance." In other words, he is a legitimate contender for the Republican nomination.
Some football stadiums are going to begin offering delivery services that will bring food right to your seat. However, if you’re a Rams fan, your food will most likely be intercepted and returned for a touchdown.
Historians say that if Prince Harry marries his girlfriend Meghan Markle it will be groundbreaking for the British royal family. Not because Markle’s of mixed race, but because they’re not related.
While appearing on Fox News, Donald Trump said that President Obama's birth certificate could indicate that "he's a Muslim."  Trump said he doesn't trust anyone with a foreign sounding name and neither does his daughter Ivanka. 
Today, instead of nominating 10 possible films, the Academy only nominated 9.  In other words, Chipwrecked got screwed.
The Navy SEAL who actually killed Osama bin Laden now has a book coming out. Here’s the weird thing, it’s a pop-up book.
I love how Vine lets me record 6-second videos - it’s perfect for making sex tapes.
"Gazpacho" is Spanish for "no microwave."
New Hampshire is debating a bill that would classify some airport screenings as sexual assault. Meanwhile, California is debating a bill that would classify those screenings as "doing what you need to do to get the part."
There are rumors that NFL legend Peyton Manning may run for Senate. Experts say there’s no way that mixing the NFL and politics could possibly go wrong.
Nabisco, the makers of Oreos and Chips Ahoy, is planning to announce hundreds of layoffs. So apparently, we legalized marijuana for nothing.
In Germany, a court has ruled that German police are allowed to racially profile citizens. But don't worry, it's Germany, so things shouldn't get out of hand.
Hackers have exposed the identity of 40 million people on Ashley Madison. Even more shocking - two of them are women.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered a pair of socks meant to be worn with sandals from 2,000 years ago. Scholars say it’s evidence of the first German tourist.
It’s come out that many Christians who are angry about Starbucks' plain red holiday cup are now taking their business to Dunkin Donuts. One pastor said, "The more we eat at Dunkin Donuts, the sooner we get to meet Jesus."
A man has filed a lawsuit against Kim Kardashian and Kanye West claiming they have ties to Al Qaeda. When Al Qaeda heard this, they said, "Please do not lump us in with those maniacs!"
Today California Governor Jerry Brown delivered his State of the State address. It wasn't very encouraging – Brown opened the speech by asking, "Anyone got a quarter?"  
On last night's "Dancing with the Stars," Nancy Grace accidentally revealed her nipple. Even more embarrassing, the sight of it gave Chaz Bono his first erection.
Former FBI Director Comey testified that he met privately with President Trump on February 14th. This is good news for everyone who thought THEY had the worst Valentine’s Day ever.
According to a new survey, 75% of employees would rather get a cash bonus than spend time with coworkers at a holiday party. All I can say to my staff is, I'll see you at the holiday party. Enjoy the Hot Pockets.
It’s come out that the summer interns at Google make about $6000.00 per month. The news was reported to me by the interns at this show.
Scientists announced they have found the world's oldest dinosaur. It had a collar on it that read, "If lost, please return to Larry King."
Last night, "Mad Max" won six Oscars. Which explains why the next installment will be called, "Reasonably Content Max."
Some political analysts think that President Obama has been making many of the same mistakes that President Bush made.  In response, Obama said, "That's ridiculous, now if you'll excuse me, SpongeBob is on."
Iran has released a photo of its supposed new stealth plane but experts say is clearly Photoshopped.  The most obvious red flag is that it's being flown upside down by Denzel Washington.
The newest issue of "Playboy" does not feature any full-frontal nudity and instead focuses on social media. So be sure to pick up the final issue of "Playboy."
Judicial Scholars are saying that the current Supreme Court has repeatedly come down on the side of big business. When asked about it, Chief Justice Roberts said, “I’m Lovin’ It!”
A study has found that the air in Rome contains traces of cocaine. So maybe Rome was built in a day.
A baseball player got suspended for Adderall use. Football players think that’s adorable.
At a Ted Cruz rally, a young boy yelled "You suck" at Ted Cruz. In other words, there is hope for America’s future after all.
Experts say Donald Trump's wins yesterday prove that he is electable. The experts made that comment while shitting themselves.
Bill Gates is offering $100,000 to anyone who can design a better condom. Of course, what guy wants to buy a condom from a company called "Microsoft."
Last night at the Golden Globes, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler made jokes about Bill Cosby. And to show there were no hard feelings, today Cosby offered to buy each of them a drink.
It's being reported that the new meth capital of America is Missouri.  Missouri unseated last year's meth capital of America, the set of "Two and a Half Men."
TMZ published a nearly nude photo of Congressman Weiner which was taken in the Congressional gym.  Newt Gingrich was shocked and said, "There's a congressional gym?"
Ryan Gosling has sent a letter to Costco urging them to sell only cage-free eggs. The CEO of Costco was confused and thought the letter came from an actual gosling.
Trump hired Anthony Scaramucci because he thought his tan qualified him as a "person of color."
Newt Gingrich said people walk up to him all the time and beg him to stay in the race.  It's a group of people known as "Democrats."
Over the weekend, the White House chef married an MSNBC news anchor. Or as Fox News reported it, “Person Who Serves The President Marries Person Who Serves The President.”
A Whole Foods store in New York will start offering customers cocktails while they shop. It’s part of Whole Foods’ new slogan, "You’d have to be drunk to pay these prices."
Dennis Rodman has brought a delegation of ex-NBA stars to North Korea. Not to promote diplomacy, to avoid child-support payments.
Over the weekend, the world's oldest person turned 116 and she said she lived a long life because she "minded her own business." In a related story, she is also the world's oldest murder witness.
At the LA Kings rally yesterday, Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti dropped the F-bomb. The mayor of New York was angry and said, “First they steal our Stanley Cup, then our favorite word.” 
On stage in Indianapolis, the Dalai Lama got a fit of the giggles. When asked why he said, "For decades people have been saying to me 'hello, Dalai' and I finally got it."
Anyone see the movie "It" this weekend? It was the #1 movie about a dangerous clown who terrifies both children and adults. And yet somehow ends up getting elected president.
At a recent auction, Leonardo DiCaprio won a night with Bill Clinton. The versatile performer, who's known in Hollywood as a major ladies' man, says he can't wait to meet Leo DiCaprio.
Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum once said, "I have no problem with homosexuality, I have a problem with homosexual acts."  So in other words Santorum has just sewn up the crucial "Gay people who don't have gay sex" vote.
Google is planning to build an army of robots that will replace factory workers. When asked for comment, Apple said, "How can they sleep at night, putting that many children out of work?"
Matt Lauer will have a prostate exam live on the "Today" show.  It’s all part of their new segment "Where in the World Is Matt Lauer’s Dignity?"
A high school student in Louisiana has hacked into the school’s computer and changed many grades to A’s. Police are on the lookout for a Ferris Bueller. Anyone?
Joe Biden recently said that President Obama is learning to speak without a teleprompter. Biden said he gave up using teleprompters years ago, when all of his kept committing suicide.
When asked about North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, Dennis Rodman said, "He just wants to be loved." It's not a good sign when the friend who's trying to explain that you're not crazy is Dennis Rodman.
Yesterday, a woman gave birth after running the Chicago Marathon. Immediately after the race, the baby was disqualified for cheating.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck with the new Woodmax Superchucker 5000? 400% more! (paid advertisement)
The Tea Party candidate who won the Delaware primary opposes masturbation. And they call themselves patriots…
Yesterday, Donald Trump threatened to reveal a terrible secret about Ted Cruz’s wife. Apparently Trump has some damning video of her marrying Ted Cruz.
When you march the streets shouting with people it’s civil disobedience, but do it drunk by yourself & it’s an involuntary 72-hour hold.
Chris Brown is now in a Twitter feud with a professional wrestler. The wrestler threatened to body slam Brown but Brown said, "Hey, we're not even dating."
Silvio Berlusconi missed the first day of his corruption trial because he was meeting with his cabinet about Libya.  Of course he cancelled the meeting after he realized Libya is a country and not part of the female anatomy.
In the latest tape released from that private fundraiser, Mitt Romney implies that immigrants who come to America have no skills. Except of course, the one who knew how to push the record button on the camera.
Carly Fiorina has a great strategy to win the nomination. She’s going to lay off the other candidates.
In six states, bagged salads sold at Wal-Mart have been recalled. The salad recall affects approximately 100 Wal-Mart stores and zero Wal-Mart customers.
A new study says being optimistic or pessimistic may be largely genetic. So, in the words of my father, "We’re all screwed."
Yesterday, a snowball fight turned into a 500 person brawl in Germany. Out of habit, France immediately surrendered.
Mitt Romney apologized today after it came out that he bullied fellow students back in high school. Apparently, he held a kid down and said over and over again, "Your dad only has one house."
Paris is facing its worst rat crisis in decades. Even worse, since it’s France, it’s an existential rat crisis.
It’s been reported that some people are getting ocular herpes from sharing virtual reality headsets. Fortunately, the people using virtual reality headsets are at extremely low risk of getting any other kind of herpes.
The Oxford Dictionary has named "selfie" the word of the year, narrowly beating out "twerk." In a related story, the funeral for the English language is this Saturday.
The country of Bolivia has rejected Microsoft founder Bill Gates' offer to donate 100,000 live chickens. Bolivia said, "We’re holding out for an Xbox."
The two escaped killers are still on the loose, and New York’s governor said they pretty much could be anywhere, even next door. Then he said, "sleep tight."
It was announced that Hillary Clinton will deliver the commencement speech at Wellesley College. The title of Hillary’s speech will be "What’s The Point of Anything?"
A man at the Brooklyn Nets game last night was removed for beating another fan with a prosthetic leg. Which is why the Brooklyn Nets have decided to discontinue their annual "Prosthetic Leg Night."
Kim Kardashian just announced she is pregnant again. Kim said it’s been a difficult pregnancy - she wakes up in the middle of the night craving publicity.
A Utah high school has rejected the cougar as a mascot because it might offend older women. So they just decided to stick with their original name "The Fighting MILFs."
Donald Trump says he wants to speed up the FDA’s drug approval process. Trump said "With what I’ve got planned, America’s going to need all the drugs it can get."
Boy bands New Kids on the Block and The Backstreet Boys have merged. Not to make a supergroup—they're all going to share one studio apartment.
An artificially intelligent sex robot is expected to hit the market next year. Because that’s what guys want in a sex robot - intelligence.
Bernie Sanders is vowing to stay in the race until the Democratic Convention. He says he owes it to all his supporters, who need something to do until Burning Man.
Hillary Clinton is making income inequality a central theme in her campaign. For example, today she pointed out that her husband makes $300 million a year and she has to get by on $200 million a year.
Breakfast Club star Anthony Michael Hall is facing seven years in prison for fighting his neighbor. However, his lawyer is trying to plea bargain that down to just serving detention with Molly Ringwald, Emilio Estevez, and Judd Nelson.
I saw Rick Santorum on the news today. He was making sure a pregnant pause reached full term.
Green Bay Packers fans are furious after a controversial call in last night's game that robbed the Packers of a victory. Some are calling it the worst call in NFL history, since the Black Eyed Peas were invited to play the Super Bowl.
"Sons of Anarchy" is the number one show in its time slot. They were number two but then they had the number one show executed in an abandoned warehouse.
Today San Francisco celebrated the opening of the nation's first gay history museum. The museum is called "San Francisco."
Donald Trump said that after the election, he didn't call Bill Clinton, but instead, "Bill Clinton called me." Bill Clinton said, "Actually, I was calling for Melania and he answered the phone."
A group of researchers simulating life conditions for astronauts on Mars found that the most suitable foods are rice, Spam, and Nutella. So apparently, I spent my freshman year of college on Mars.
NASA scientists have discovered over 1200 planets that are possibly habitable - where humans could live. In other words, if Donald Trump does become president, Canada’s not your only option, ladies and gentlemen.
In a new interview, Bill Clinton said he has nothing to do with Anthony Weiner’s campaign. Clinton said, “When it comes to political sex scandals, always be sure to look for the Official Bill Clinton Seal of Approval.”
In Tennessee, a man sued Pizza Hut after he allegedly broke a denture biting into an "excessively hard crouton." Which begs the question: Who goes to a Pizza Hut and orders the salad?
I'm shocked. Back when Brian Williams and I killed Osama Bin Laden, he seemed like an honest guy.
This weekend, Donald Trump met with the Congressional Black Caucus. Because you know what they say, once you go Black Caucus you never go back caucus.
Julia Pierson, who just resigned as head of the Secret Service, once worked at Disney World. Pierson said she preferred working at the White House because people didn’t have to wait in line to get in.
Due to the heat wave, health experts in the Midwest are telling residents to go easy on their workouts. To which people in the Midwest responded, "What's a workout?"
California officials want to contain a measles outbreak that originated in Disneyland last month. They’re in luck - because apparently everyone who was exposed to it is still in line at Space Mountain.
In a new interview, the Dalai Lama endorsed medical marijuana. So now we know why the Dalai Lama sits around in a robe all day.
President Obama said his second term will be a chance to finish what he started. Then he got out his iPhone and downloaded the last two seasons of "Sons of Anarchy."
Wal-Mart announced plans to start selling healthcare in its stores. So now you can get your bucket of cake frosting and your diabetes medicine all in one place.
During a swing through Asia, Mark Zuckerberg appeared at a university and conducted an entire Q & A in Mandarin Chinese. There was an awkward moment when a student told him, "You’re in the Philippines."
Last night, Donald Trump hosted a dinner at the White House that was attended by Sarah Palin, Ted Nugent, and Kid Rock. The dinner was interrupted when an episode of "Cops" broke out.
Yesterday was Daylight Savings Time so everybody gained an hour — and now you’re about to waste one.
California Governor Jerry Brown signed the Fair Pay Act which will allow women to get paid the same as men for doing the same job and vice-versa. So, it was great day for women and for male porn stars.
White Supremacist David Duke is urging his supporters to vote for Donald Trump. Not only that, Duke says he’s REALLY looking forward to the Oscars this Sunday.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker 35 years ago is in talks to appear in the new "Star Wars" movie. In this one he'll go by the name Luke Mall-Walker.
Today is First Lady Michelle Obama's 48th birthday. President Obama wanted to surprise her, but he couldn't find a male stripper willing to jump out of a sensible garden salad.
In Florida, a group of OB-Gyns is being accused of turning away patients who are obese. In their defense, the OB-Gyns said, "You don't know what it's like down there!"
President Trump tweeted congratulations to the Houston Astros for winning the World Series. Trump said he’s so happy for the Astros, he’s only going to deport some of the players.
Britain’s longest-serving dominatrix is retiring at the age of 66. Apparently men no longer want to hire a dominatrix who forgets their safe word.
Forbes Magazine named Hillary Clinton the world’s second most powerful woman. And #1 - the lady who tried on the Chewbacca mask.
Recently finished my 3,000th hour on TV. Only 7,000 more ‘til Malcolm Gladwell thinks I’m an expert.
Google has banned a porn app for Google Glass.  A Google spokesman said, “We’re a principled company, so if you want to look at smut and filth, you’ll just have to use our website.”
Well folks, only 28 more shopping days till we go off the Fiscal Cliff. 
I'm going to miss the World Cup when it's over. It'll be hard to go into a bar & not hear people yelling about something I don't understand.
An evangelical Christian rewrote "Harry Potter" so that all the witchcraft is removed.  And guess what -  kids just love it! You can read the whole series - all seven "Harry Potter" books - in about 15 minutes.
After months of practice, I can finally touch my toes. (By telling them that they are beautiful.)
In Thailand, a man was sentenced to two and half years in prison for insulting Thailand’s king on Facebook. Even worse, the man rejected the King on Tinder. He swiped left.
It's been reported that the opening ceremony will feature an epic showdown between Voldemort and Mary Poppins. Then the main event: a fight to the death between two of the Spice Girls.
Former President George W. Bush stopped by Facebook's headquarters today for a live Q & A. Unfortunately, Bush spent the entire time on "Farmville" clearing brush.
Donald Trump’s running mate Mike Pence says he wants no part in negative campaigning. After hearing this, Trump told him, "Get with the program, dips***!"
Buying your kid a goldfish is a great way to teach them about responsibility for 24-36 hours.
It’s been 20 years on the air. And everyone in my family is very emotional. My Dad called me this morning and he told me something he’s never said before, "Son — we don’t have cable."
Yesterday was National Middle Child Day. It’s a holiday that doesn’t matter much, just like a middle child.
Everyone’s fine after the hijacking of an EgyptAir flight yesterday. It turns out that the man who hijacked the flight was just trying to get attention from his ex-wife. Trust me folks - you haven’t lived until you’ve had "Post-Hijacking Makeup Sex."
According to exit polls, Mitt Romney is struggling with voters who describe themselves as "very conservative." However, Mitt is doing great with voters who describe themselves as "totally freaked out by Rick Santorum."
The Pope let two 11-year-old boys ride in the popemobile with him.  Afterwards, the Vatican told the Pope, "That’s not the kind of publicity we’re looking for these days."
Former governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was in California's state capitol to unveil his official portrait. Schwarzenegger said, "This portrait isn't the only Arnold that's hung."
'90s rapper Vanilla Ice has been arrested on burglary charges. Ice’s lawyers say they can prove their client’s innocence, but not his relevance.
Olympics officials have disqualified a champion racewalker after determining that he was doping. The man says getting caught doping is almost as embarrassing as getting caught being a champion racewalker.
During a speech on immigration yesterday, President Obama quoted a verse from the Bible that doesn’t exist. Apparently Jesus never said, "I’m all about that bass."
An Egyptian Google executive has become a hero to the Cairo protestors for creating a Facebook page that helped spark the protests.  And yet still no luck selling his futon on Craigslist.
People are wondering how the Secret Service agents were discovered. Apparently, one prostitute figured out they were Secret Service when her client pulled out a condom and yelled, "Secure the perimeter!"
In a new article on President Trump, it says he views each workday like an episode of a TV show. In a way, Trump’s right, because with his low ratings people are wondering why he hasn’t been canceled yet.
Tea Party favorite Senator Ted Cruz has been appointed to oversee NASA in Congress. He said he wants NASA to focus on finding aliens, so he can deport them.
President Obama took a group of Republicans to dinner at a restaurant last night and the President personally picked up the tab. Afterwards, the Republicans said, "Typical democrat –spend, spend, spend!"
According to a recent study, women who average 3-15 alcoholic drinks per week are healthier than women who are completely sober. The study was published in this month issue of "Things Lindsay Lohan Tells Her Parole Officer."
Describing an erotic fantasy involving a Jeff Dunham puppet will make your therapist raise her price. Trust me.
Legal experts say if Justin Bieber is convicted of a felony, he could be deported back to Canada. American officials are hopeful they can get "deported" changed to "catapulted."
The Pope is offering time off from purgatory for anyone who follows him on Twitter. He also said it’s cool for Catholics to have premarital sex as long as they “Like” his Facebook page.
The end of the Election means that negative political ads will finally stop.  After tomorrow, the only two people attacking each other on TV will be Nicki Minaj and Mariah Carey.
Donald Trump announced today that he is not running for president.  This is devastating news for Trump supporters, all of whom are late night comedians.
Yesterday, 64-year-old swimmer Diana Nyad swam 100 miles from Cuba to Florida and she didn’t use a shark cage. President Obama is calling it “a triumph of the human spirit”, while sharks are calling it a “A huge screw-up.”
My kids no longer believe in Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy or mortgage-backed securities.
A group of scientists has named a new type of plant after Lady Gaga.  It's a plant called the "Madonna Imitatus."
Facebook founder Marc Zuckerberg has signed a pledge to give away most of his money.  He's going to do it by investing heavily in MySpace.
A flight attendant has pled guilty to smuggling 60 lbs of cocaine in her carry-on bag. People got suspicious when her safety lecture went on for 4 hours.
Happy Valentine's Day!  Is anybody here on date? Because if this is where you took her on Valentine's Day, you're not getting any.
People are upset with a new Kraft foods ad because it features a grandmother telling her granddaughter that she dresses like a prostitute.  The ad only has 2 lines: "Grandma, can I have some mac & cheese?" and "Nice boots, whore."
Sooner or later, Trump is going to realize that’s just a sack of potatoes in Melania’s bed.
Now that those new, untouched photos of Beyoncé have surfaced, the truth is out: I am the one they call Beyoncé.
My Celtics are in the finals! And by "my Celtics," I mean my second cousins. They're all in the final stage of liver cirrhosis.
Due to a dispute with the Kraft Corporation, Starbucks has been ordered to pay 2.7 billion dollars.  To put that in Starbucks terms — that’s 3 lattes.
Every time I see a newborn, I'm reminded of how rare and beautiful it is to look into the face of someone who's never heard of Trump.
In the Grammy for best spoken word album, Bill Clinton lost along with Ellen DeGeneres and Rachel Maddow.  Afterwards Clinton said, "It was an honor just to hear my name sandwiched between two lesbians."
It's being reported today that one of the most pirated movies of all time is "The Hangover."  It's been stolen by over a million people and by whoever wrote "The Hangover 2."
The President was back home in Chicago to vote early yesterday, and something funny happened at the polling station. While President Obama was standing next to a woman, a man shouted out "Hey Mr. President, stay away from my girlfriend." He didn’t say this because he was flirting with her, but because his girlfriend is a democrat running for re-election.  
President Trump announced that he will not be attending the White House Correspondents Dinner in April. Trump said he’d like to go but he’s going to be busy not preparing his taxes.
Wondering how long it will take me to learn to write "2015" on checks, but first must re-learn how to write checks.
The Final Four is headed to Indiana where the state just passed a law that discriminates against gay people. Just wait until Indiana finds out all those players shower together.
Weird moment during German Chancellor Merkel’s White House visit when Steve Bannon sat at her feet and begged for stories about "the good old days."
During Congressman Weiner's press conference, a heckler in the crowd yelled out, "Are you more than seven inches?" So disgusting – it's 2011, and we are still not on the metric system!
Those Ashley Madison users who are suing the company for breach of contract have really taken the moral flat ground.
Wal-Mart has come under fire for having a Halloween section on their website called "Fat Girl Costumes." Wal-Mart has since apologized and changed the name to "Nice Personality Costumes."
"Seinfeld" star Jason Alexander is in Israel as part of an initiative to promote Mideast peace. In a related story, "Friends" star Matt LeBlanc is in Brussels trying to prop up the troubled Euro.
A man in Canada has pled guilty to trespassing into a home, doing laundry, and feeding the owner’s cats. The man is being described by authorities as "marriage material."
A United Airlines employee is under fire for pushing over a 71-year-old passenger. Or as the CEO of United put it, "We’re back, baby!"
Bill Clinton is reportedly very upset that Anthony Weiner is comparing his sexting scandal to Clinton’s affair with Monica Lewinsky. Today Bill Clinton said, “Real men cheat in person.”
R2D2 has been confirmed for the next "Star Wars" film. After all these years, R1D1 still can't catch a break.
To be more inclusive, Facebook has added "civil union" to its relationship status updates. That's not all—next week they're adding "domestic partnership" and "Whatever the hell Michele Bachmann and her husband are up to."
Chris Christie was kicked out of the Amtrak quiet car for making too much noise. Christie said it wasn’t him that was making the noise, it was his eight pound block of peanut brittle.
President Trump's approval rating is above 50% in just a handful of states. Those states include Georgia, Mississippi, and Denial.
Don’t hate the playa, unless he’s playing lacrosse.
Two Popes under one roof – we're just one "half-Pope" away from being a sitcom on CBS.
Passengers on a recent Virgin Atlantic flight from New York became outraged when the flight crew allowed Madonna to exit the plane way before everyone else.  However, their outrage turned to joy when they realized the plane was still in the air.
Donald Trump has come out in favor of shutting down Planned Parenthood. However, experts say if he really wants Planned Parenthood to go under, he should turn it into a Trump property.
Pope Francis said that, in his early 40s, he attended weekly appointments with a Jewish therapist. The Pope said he went to a Jewish therapist so he could better understand his boss.
A new study shows that the average fast food chicken nugget is almost 60% fat. It also shows that the average fast food customer is almost 60% chicken nugget.
At his victory speech Tuesday night, Donald Trump indicated that he would take a more respectful tone from now on. For example, now he’s going to address all Hispanics as "Señor Rapist."
I don't want to say healthcare.gov is still flawed, but my health insurance is now being paid for by a prince in Nigeria.
If any of you see XXX: Return of Xander Cage this weekend, could you let me know if it’s as good as the novel?
Should I be concerned that my wife gave me a $3,000 gift card for “Big Al’s Powerful Deodorant Hut”?
A new report shows that more teenagers are switching to Twitter because their parents are on Facebook. Apparently, no teen wants to go online and catch Dad poking Mom.
The North Iceland Penis Museum is putting its first human specimen on display this week. I just want to say gentlemen, I'm honored.
Earlier today, a bunch of grapes sold in Japan for over $10,000. In other words, they’ve opened a Whole Foods in Japan.
A new report suggests that Christopher Columbus may have secretly been Jewish. It also suggests that his three ships were actually named the Nina, the Pinta, and the Seinfeld.
This week, there’s a new smartphone available that costs only $4. It’s called the Nokia Weed Dealer.
Starting today, Allegiant Airlines is charging $35.00 extra if you have carry-on bags.  Meanwhile Jet Blue is charging $35.00 extra if you want a pilot who isn't insane.
A recently-discovered letter by Osama Bin Laden revealed that he thought it was okay for radical terrorists to masturbate in times of "extreme need." Trust me, that is one Al-Qaeda training video you do not want to see.
A glitch in the John Madden NFL game has accidentally created a player who is one-foot-tall. Another glitch accidentally created an NFL player with no criminal record.
Toyota has sponsored an online contest to determine what the plural of "Prius" is – and the winner is "Prii." And the loser, of course, is anyone who wasted time on this stupid contest.
It was reported that "The New York Times" has intentionally left Ted Cruz’s book off their bestseller list. To get back on the bestseller list, Cruz's next book is about a young boy attending a school for wizards.
A new study came out and it claims muscular men make the worst boyfriends. Come to think of it, I was kind of a jerk back in the day.
With the help of a UPS program, a 4-year-old boy in Colorado had his dream of becoming a UPS truck driver come true. Unfortunately, another little boy in a FedEx truck showed up three hours earlier.
Some McDonald's drive-thrus are guaranteeing orders in 60-seconds or less. This is great news for anyone in a real hurry to get the wrong order. 
McDonald’s is coming out with an extra-large Big Mac called the "Grand Mac." The Grand Mac’s slogan is "You’re gonna die anyway, why wait?"
A couple in their 80's has finally gotten married after 44 years of dating. When asked why they got married now, they said “We couldn’t wait any longer to start bonin.'"
Hot day today – People were sweating like Paula Deen at a Ludacris concert.
Everybody I run into lately is talking about the end of the world.  They're not believers in the Mayan apocalypse – they're Laker fans.
Do you think Putin just misunderstood the term "March Madness"?
The world's largest sperm bank is no longer accepting donations from men with red hair because of low demand.  As a result, this week, my neighborhood's Salvation Army is going to get a very interesting donation.
Los Angeles hasn’t changed me. I still put on leather pants one leg at a time.
Here in Los Angeles, a man has spent $100,000 on surgery to look like Justin Bieber.  Meanwhile, a lesbian spent $100,000 to stop looking like Justin Bieber.
Betting big on tech stock. Is “America Online” a good company?
In Oregon, a man was arrested for blowing marijuana smoke into a baby’s face. The baby’s parents are furious and the baby is like, "whatevs."
On Sunday in California, several dozen Latinos held a rally for Donald Trump. They were a group calling themselves "Latinos Who Don’t Really Follow the News."
This week, Queen Elizabeth visited the set of "Games of Thrones." Unfortunately, she joined in on one of the nude scenes. 
A five-year-old in California tested positive for cocaine. His parents became suspicious when he asked for "a kilo of ice cream."
White Castle is considering adding wine to its menu.  So now you'll be able to ask the cashier "Which wine goes best with these twenty tiny cheeseburgers?"
A former Olive Garden employee has stepped forward claiming their Tuscany culinary institute is a sham. Experts are calling him "the least courageous whistle-blower of all time."
In honor of the Pope’s visit, Twitter gave the Pope his own series of emojis. Not only that, Tinder gave him his own profile.
Sesame Street announced that Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor will be a guest this season. This is the first time a Justice has appeared on Sesame Street since Justice Breyer ruled that Bert and Ernie could to call themselves "roommates."
At this year's Oscars, instead of attractive models handing out the statues, 6 college film students have been chosen. So now every winning actor will receive a trophy and a crappy screenplay.
It’s being reported that 7-Eleven will begin selling a $50 wine. 7-Eleven says the wine pairs very nicely with their 1962 Hot Dog.
The Vatican may allow nuns to use birth control pills for reasons other than birth control. Also, priests may now use condoms but only as water balloons.
Paula Deen’s son has defended his mother, saying that she has a “good heart.” He added, “Or she will if she ever stops eating her own food.”
Yesterday, the House of Representatives voted to get rid of Internet privacy rules. Members cast their vote, then immediately ran home to delete their browser histories.
Today at the press conference, Congressman Weiner said, "I have never met any of these women or had physical relations with them at any time."  Which explains why, this afternoon, Newt Gingrich called him a "pussy."
Amazon has unveiled a new way to view its products in 3-D. Amazon is calling their new invention "a store."
As I look around at everything we have, I want to thank the one who makes it all possible: China.
In China, an outbreak of the bird flu has caused the price of Chicken McNuggets to plummet. Isn't that cute- people in China think that Chicken McNuggets are made out of a bird.
President Trump has reportedly sworn off McDonald’s and KFC. Not only that, Trump is trying to get Chipotle deported.
Yesterday, the fast food chain Chick-fil-A announced that it is officially against gay marriage.  And, folks, wait till you hear what Popeye's Chicken says about stem cell research.
For the fourth season of "Jersey Shore," the cast members will be headed to Italy.  It will mark the first time in history an Italian man will see a young American woman walking by and go, "You know what? I'm good."
Porn star Jenna Jameson has announced that she is converting to Judaism. Jameson said it’s because she respects its traditions, and because she’s experienced enough pork in her life.
NORAD said they will be tracking Santa Claus this Christmas.  Then the NSA said, "No need, we got him."
Chipotle said they will be closing all of their stores for one day next month to discuss food safety. I think I speak for most Americans when I say, "Let’s do it this month!"
Analysts say President Obama’s new immigration plan will focus on deporting violent criminals. So this could impact your fantasy football team.
Clippers owner Donald Sterling has been banned for life from the NBA. People are now wondering who the new Clippers owner will be.  All the NBA has said so far is it’s definitely not anyone from "Duck Dynasty."
Today, in his last full day in office, President Obama commuted the sentences of 330 prisoners. After hearing this, Melania Trump said, "I hope I’m one of them."
A court in Egypt is cracking down on all Egyptian pornographic websites. The worst offender is Egypt's topless Website, "Those-Aren't-Pyramids.com."
People are mad at Donald Trump for allegedly making a joke about Megyn Kelly having her period. Trump said, "Trust me, I know what goes on down there - because I’m a huge douche."
Yesterday was Groundhog Day. The groundhog came out, saw five minutes of the Super Bowl and then went right back into his hole.
A court has ruled that it’s a federal crime to share your Netflix password. In other words, I’m committing a federal crime every time I say "Conebone69."
In Massachusetts, a prison inmate serving a life sentence will be allowed to have a sex change operation.  This is great news for him and even better news for his cellmate. 
Yesterday was the Trumps' 13th wedding anniversary and I looked it up - the traditional gift for the 13th anniversary is lace. For a second, Melania got excited and said, "I thought you said, 'mace.'"
Astronomers say they now know the approximate weight of the Milky Way. They found this out by adding 10 pounds to the Milky Way’s weight on its Tinder profile.
In Kentucky, a man snuck into a grocery store overnight and consumed 57 cans of whipped cream, a birthday cake, beer, and cigarettes. Kentucky officials are telling everyone to "be on the lookout for a health-food freak."
North Korea has shut down all its universities for 10 months so students can work in factories.  Or as they call it in North Korea, "Spring Break!"
Trader Joe's has recalled thousands of pounds of hummus. The story was reported in this morning’s "Emergency News for White People."
In Denmark, a man has been arrested for drawing penises on furniture at an IKEA warehouse. He targeted Ikea’s popular line of futons known as the Löngen-döngen.
There’s a trendy new diet plan called "The Taco Cleanse" that involves eating tacos all day. Before it was called the Taco Cleanse, it was known by its original name "sophomore year of college."
In Indiana, a high school teacher was caught in her classroom snorting cocaine. People became suspicious when parent-teacher conferences lasted only 10 seconds.
In a new sex survey, 40% of couples say they have sex 3 or 4 times a week.  The other 60% are married.
Dr. Dre may become the world’s first hip-hop billionaire.  So maybe my mom was right—I should’ve become a doctor.
For the first time ever, Cosmopolitan magazine is endorsing political candidates. And next month they feature an article called, "Ten Ways to Drive Rand Paul Wild in Bed!"
A picture has gone viral from the Sochi Olympic venue showing a single bathroom stall with two toilets. Wow, those two-man luge teams do everything together.
Idea: fracking, but for eggnog.
Microsoft made a big announcement today, when they unveiled their version of the iPad. The actual announcement was, "You're probably not going to buy this."
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has some pretty crass product placement, especially the scene where the apes start wearing Skechers.
Over the weekend, President Obama contacted the student that Rush Limbaugh called a slut and offered his support. Then President Clinton phoned her and asked, "Is it true?"
At a Boston airport, a woman was arrested after trying to get past security wearing a diaper stuffed with 1,000 grams of cocaine.  Police say the giveaway was that her vagina kept yelling, "Winning!"
Six members of the cast of "The West Wing" are going to campaign for Hillary Clinton at an event in Ohio. The move has backfired though, now everyone in Ohio is voting for Martin Sheen.
Kim Kardashian’s new book of selfies will include 23 shots of her butt. The book is called, "Hello Moon!"
Donald Trump has dumped his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski. Lewandowski said he’s going to return to his old job, as a manager in pro wrestling.
A new dating site launched that is exclusively for fans of Disney. Ladies, just be careful if any guys say they want to text you a picture of Pinocchio’s nose.
It's hard to transition from "The Walking Dead" to "Mad Men" in one week. AMC could help by having Don Draper wear an eye patch.
At a recent concert, Madonna told the audience she'd strip naked if President Obama is reelected. In a related story, President Obama is now trailing in the polls by 97%,
In Wisconsin, thousands of people showed up at a brewery for a Black Friday sale on beer. There were no survivors.
Kobe Bryant and Nike have teamed up to make a Beethoven-themed sneaker. Their motto is, "Play basketball like an 18th century deaf German."
Good news — a new study confirms that, contrary to popular belief, humans use more than 10% of their brains. Bad news — we use it to watch "Duck Dynasty."
Today is a special day, today is Hillary Clinton’s birthday. You could email her a birthday card, or just send it straight to WikiLeaks.
Neo-Nazis have declared New Balance "the official shoes of white people." This is a huge blow to the good people who make Crocs.
According to Forbes magazine, in the past year Taylor Swift has earned $170 million. When she heard that, Hillary Clinton said, "I didn’t know she gave speeches."
A number of states are trying anything they can do to get themselves out of debt.  Among those taking the most desperate measures: Illinois, Arizona, and North Da-CocaCola.
"Jeopardy" host Alex Trebek may be retiring soon. People suspected Trebek has become too old for the job when he went around asking, "What is…my name?"
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is caught in a scandal involving a 17-year-old prostitute. Berlusconi was outraged and said, "She told me she was a 16 year old prostitute!"
This week, Dennis Rodman and six former pro basketball players will travel to North Korea to play the top North Korean basketball team. My advice to Dennis Rodman: lose. 
Katy Perry’s starting her own record label. It will be the first one that releases both CDs and C-DDs.
An actress who replaced the injured lead actress in the "Spiderman" musical has now herself been injured.  Then today she admitted she was just trying to "fit in." 
A new study reveals that single people pay more money than married people on food, shelter, taxes and health insurance and they make less money than married people.  After hearing this, every single guy said, "Still worth it."
In Houston a man is suing a stripper to get his "Harry Potter" DVDs back. I say the man got what he deserves for going to a strip club and making it rain "Harry Potter" DVDs.
At a press conference yesterday, Donald Trump kicked out a Latino reporter, but the man returned a few minutes later.  So, already Trump’s deportation plan isn’t working.
The FBI just announced yesterday that fewer and fewer Americans are going off to join ISIS. Or as Fox News reported it, "Once Again, Jobs Drop Under Obama."
In New Hampshire, 64% of Republican voters want to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. The other 36% are familiar with the Constitution.
When Kim Jong Un was young he apparently wanted to become an actor.  But of course it's hard to do dinner theater in a country that doesn't have theater or dinner.
This morning on the "Today" show, Jenna Bush interviewed Ozzy Osbourne.  Ozzy was so confused and inarticulate, Jenna accidentally called him, "Dad."
The NBA lockout is over.  So congratulations, we can all go back to not caring about basketball until the playoffs.
The LA District Attorney has decided not to press charges against Justin Bieber for spitting on his neighbor because it was the neighbor’s word against Beiber’s.  The DA said, "Frankly— I don’t know who to belieb."
According to a survey, Americans viewed 12 times as many stories about Miley Cyrus as they did about Syria. Which is why President Obama gave his speech on Syria while rubbing up against Robin Thicke.
I’d like to retire somewhere warm, like Sochi.
A Muslim model has become the first woman to appear in a hijab on the cover of Allure magazine. She also appears in a fashion spread entitled, "10 Hot Looks for When You’re Detained at the Airport."
The University of Arizona now offers a degree in hip-hop. Trust me— that's one class where you don't want to cheat off the Asian kid.
This Wednesday, the Catholic Church is launching a new website, and reportedly all priests are being encouraged to interact with people online. So, check it out this Wednesday at: www.Probably-not-a-good-idea.com.
A drug company has recalled bottles of Excedrin and No-Doz over concerns they may contain stray pills from other medicines. The bottles will be relabeled and sold under the name "Surprise Me."
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is likely to step down.  When he heard about it, Bill Clinton said, "Great— just give me a heads up when she's on her way home."
Meredith Vieira is leaving the Today show—When asked if he too is leaving the Today show, Matt Lauer said, "I have a long-term deal with NBC—I'm going to be here for a while." All I can say is, ‘Matt, welcome to TBS.'"
In Florida, a woman was arrested at a Home Depot for trying to hire a hitman. So basically it’s easier to find a hitman at Home Depot than someone who works there.
The other day, California high school students sang for the Pope, or as they referred to him, “The Dude in the Hat.”
In England, a movie theater had to cancel a showing of "Noah" due to a flood in the movie theater.  Either that, or the 3D in that movie is really good. 
The Vatican tailor has unveiled three white Papal robes for whoever the new Pope is, in small, medium, and large. Or, in the event that the new Pope is from America, Double XL.
Earlier today, Kirstie Alley was a runway model in a New York fashion show.  Kirstie wore a blue gown and a blue hat as part of an ensemble called, "The Pacific Ocean."
Volkswagen may be forced to buy back all the cars that failed to properly pass their emissions tests. Volkswagen officials say that’s fine - because they plan to resell them as rock concert smoke machines.
After a string of flops, Johnny Depp reportedly wants new management. Apparently, he’s firing his agent, Nicolas Cage.
A Pennsylvania man has been charged with stealing and swallowing his mother's ring, and police are now waiting for him to excrete it. They've been telling him "We can do this the easy way, or the Taco Bell way."
Dozens of Democratic members of Congress are boycotting Donald Trump’s inauguration. Which is shocking, because I didn’t know there were still dozens of Democratic members of Congress.
Last week, the Queen’s son, Prince Andrew, was mistaken for an intruder at Buckingham Palace and tackled.  After tackling him, Queen Elizabeth apologized and helped him up.
Denver made it legal for people to smoke marijuana on their porches. By the way, that sound you hear is everyone in Denver quickly building a porch.
Yesterday, Michael Phelps set an all-time Olympic record for most medals.  Phelps has so much gold on his chest he's been asked to join the cast of "Jersey Shore."
Over the weekend, President Trump invited brutal Filipino dictator Rodrigo Duterte to visit the White House. It’s the first time Trump has ever said the words, "Rodrigo, please come to America."
The girlfriend of New York Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez, who's only 17, said that when he texted her at 2 AM on a Tuesday, she replied, "I have school tomorrow."  Then he texted back, "What a coincidence, I have jail tomorrow."
Apple CEO Tim Cook is claiming that the $1000 iPhone X is a good value. Cook said, “It’s the last phone you’ll ever need for the next eight months."
Scientists have developed a robot than can converse like a teenager.  When the scientists unveiled the robot, it screamed "I hate you" and slammed the door to its room.
My goldfish is either planking or dead.
Last night President Trump said of his critics, "I went to better schools than they did. I was a better student than they were. I live in a bigger, more beautiful apartment. And I live in the White House, too." Then someone handed Trump a fidget spinner and he quieted right down.
Congress is expanding its investigations into the Secret Service prostitution scandal. Congressmen want to know "How could this happen?" "Who is responsible?" and "Do those ladies take Discover cards?" 
"Interstellar" won the Oscar for Best Visual Effects. I thought the effects were incredible - they actually made it look like Matthew McConaughey understood physics.
It’s been reported that, contrary to popular opinion, the tongue is NOT the strongest muscle in the body. The study was conducted by several disappointed women. 
A British actor has been cast as the next Superman. So congratulations to Sir Ben Kingsley!
American Airlines announced it’s going to reduce legroom in coach by two inches. The last time I heard someone complain about two inches on American Airlines, I was trying to join the Mile High Club.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West had their baby over the weekend but they waited until today to reveal the name. When asked why they waited so long, Kim and Kanye said, "We’re very private people."
“Fine, sure, go ahead. Weird, but I like it.” (God greenlighting the Armadillo)
In last night's Democratic debate, Hillary Clinton said that, several times a day, she speaks to God. But never for under $100,000.
Yesterday, Newt Gingrich said if he becomes president, English will be the official language of the United States. And today, Jon Huntsman said if he becomes president, he will sh*t his pants.
The United States government has decided that no one is getting the $25 million reward for the killing of Osama Bin Laden. The problem is, nobody wants to be the one to break the news to Seal Team 6.
People have recently discovered a property that Paul Manafort listed on Airbnb. Of course, it’s not helping Manafort that it’s a two-bedroom condo in Moscow.
An advisor to Chris Christie said that Americans are about to see "a lot of who he is." He’s not talking about Christie’s presidential campaign, but Christie’s cameo in the new "Magic Mike" movie.
California Governor Jerry Brown recently said that Californians could be fined for taking long showers. Then he unveiled his new slogan: "Governor Jerry Brown: I’m Watching You Shower."
After decades of bitter fighting, North Korea and South Korea will march together in the Winter Olympics. Even more unbelievable, yesterday Melania Trump went to Ohio with her husband.
YouTube may start charging? I guess cats are sick of working for free.
Arizona has elected the nation's first openly bi-sexual Congresswoman. She's already promising to reach across the aisle and grab whatever's there.
Over the weekend, North Korea held elections, and Kim Jong Un was re-elected with 100% of the vote. Kim Jong Un credits the win to his slogan: "Vote for me or you will be murdered."
Newt Gingrich, who came in 8th place in the Iowa straw poll, said that he's not dead yet. Then he got invited to do "Dancing with the Stars" and said, "Okay, now I'm dead."
In Florida, a baseball stadium is celebrating Father’s Day by handing out free pregnancy tests. Now it sounds like a good idea, except that the woman has to pee on a bobblehead.
A man in Britain who was born without a penis is now having one reconstructed with his arm. The man has agreed to the surgery, saying, "As long as I’ve got a penis and ONE arm, I’m all set."
I will vote for whichever president outlaws visors.
During a recent interview, former President Jimmy Carter said that someday soon, Americans could elect a gay president. Then he winked, put on some lipstick, and said, "Or MAYBE they already did, girlfriend!"
In order to spread awareness on colon cancer, a medical group in Florida has built a 40-foot colon that people can walk through. And trust me— you don't want to know how their spreading awareness about erectile dysfunction.
A new trend is parents naming their kids after Instagram filters. Frankly, I don’t see what the problem is - neither does my daughter, Sepia.
Told my son there are 8 sides on a stop sign. He said “and an MMA fighting cage.”
Fast food chain Jack-in-the-Box has introduced a "bacon milkshake."  This is all part of Jack-in-the-Box's new "Die Happy Meal."
Ross Perot has endorsed Mitt Romney. This could help Romney win the coveted vote of "people you forgot were still alive."
The Kardashians were robbed, and now they are refusing to air the new season of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" until the police find who robbed them. Which explains why today, the police stopped looking. 
Yesterday, Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea admitted the band faked playing during the Super Bowl. In his defense, so did the Broncos.
A company has introduced a "smart bra" that measures the number of steps you take and it’s called the "OMBra." Which is a much better name than the original choice, "TitBit."
Facebook may change its accounts policy and allow kids under 13 to join. When they heard this, Chinese officials said, "Great – now our workers will never get anything done."
In Afghanistan’s presidential election, early returns show Abdullah Abdullah is winning.  Abdullah Abdullah is doing great among men, old people, and stutterers.
The New York Times reports that Moammar Gadhafi spent his last days, "hovering between defiance and delusion, surviving on rice and pasta."  In other words, Gaddafi spent his last days as a sophomore in college.
A KKK rally scheduled to be held in a national park was cancelled due to the shutdown. This was bad news for the KKK, but good news for the park’s black bears.
Justin Bieber was arrested in Miami Beach after drag racing, driving under the influence, and resisting arrest. Police have charged Bieber with impersonating a resident of Florida.
Some conspiracy theorists are claiming that Hillary Clinton is so sick that she’s been using a body double. When Bill Clinton heard about it, he said, "Man, I wish."
Last night, Oscar winner Jamie Foxx pulled a man from a burning car. Even more impressive, he did it as Ray Charles.
China is launching their own version of the TV show "Friends". In the Chinese version, 6 attractive young people live together in an iPad factory.
Anthony Weiner is saying other women may now come forward.  Actually he’s asked them to come forward, then back up a little, then come forward again…
Rupert Murdoch, the head of Fox News, just bought National Geographic Magazine. This explains the headline on this month’s cover. "How Do We Stop Those Canada Geese From Crossing Our Borders and Taking All Our Jobs?"
Would it be obnoxious if I held a press conference just to say "I’m havin' a bitchin' summer?"
Despite the Brian Williams lying scandal, the NBC Nightly News led in the ratings last week. Although I should note, those figures were reported by Brian Williams.
At some Taco Bells, customers are now allowed to order their food by using a touch screen. So now Taco Bell customers just have to touch a picture of what kind of a diarrhea they want.
The hackers who hacked into Sony have leaked the upcoming script for the new James Bond movie. Sony executives said the news left them shaken but not stirred.
Ben of Ben and Jerry’s has come out with an ice cream inspired by Bernie Sanders. A carton costs $3.99 but when you include tax, it’s $200 million dollars.
During a town hall meeting, Donald Trump was asked by Matt Lauer if he is nice enough to be president. Trump answered, "Of course I’m nice enough, baldy."
El Chapo’s lawyers say that while in US custody, his health is deteriorating. El Chapo has lost so much weight, he’s down two tunnel sizes.
Sesame Street is going to be tackling the topic of divorce.  You can tell it's a tense episode because Cookie Monster now sings "C- is for Cheating Whore."
ISIS has destroyed another ancient cultural treasure from the distant past.  As a result, security has been beefed up around Larry King.
Fox News slammed Beyoncé’s Super Bowl halftime performance because her back-up dancers were dressed like Black Panthers, and now some Fox viewers are calling for a boycott of Beyoncé. So it looks like old white guys won’t be buying Beyoncé albums anymore.
MTV has canceled "Teen Mom." So at least MTV knows when to pull out.
A New Hampshire State Rep. is in trouble for an email he sent where he referred to women as "vaginas."  Can you imagine referring to a person by their genitals?  What a dick!
A group of parents in Southern California are angry after a Boy Scout hiking trip went through a nudist beach. On the bright side, all the kids pitched a tent in record time.
The Cargill Meat Solutions Corporation announced yesterday that are recalling 35 million pounds of their ground turkey. I don't see why…Cargill Meat Solutions Corporation Ground Turkey sounds delicious!
Legal experts are saying it’s only a matter of time before someone uses Pokémon Go as an excuse for committing a crime. At least then we’ll get to hear the first lawyer ever to use the "Squirtle Defense."
I saw the time travel movie "Looper". I saw it twice, the day it came out and when they rereleased it in 2044.
It's been reported that Kim Kardashian's mom Kris Jenner said that Honey Boo Boo's mom is exploiting her daughter. Moments later, Kris Jenner was hospitalized for acute irony poisoning.
There’s a new trend of people using the "Find My iPhone" app to confront thieves who have stolen their iPhone. This way, instead of just being a robbery victim, you can also be a murder victim.
It’s been announced that in the new Fox series "Gotham," Batman will not appear. However, there will be a lot of scenes of Robin saying, "Guys, I swear he’ll be here any minute..."
In China, a woman gave birth in the bathroom of an internet café, then jumped right back on the computer. She got back on the computer to Google, "What just came out of my vagina?"
My favorite new song is either that one from the Samsung commercial, or the one from the Budweiser commercial.
A football player from Troy University in Alabama has been arrested for murder. So it sounds like he’s ready for the NFL!
President Obama urged Americans not to be put off by the Obamacare website, and offered alternative ways to enroll such as using the mail.  Then the President got back on his horse and rode off to spread the news to the next town.
The bestselling S&M novel "50 Shades of Grey" has been banned from many libraries in Florida.  Isn't that shocking?  They have libraries in Florida.
Hundreds of moms around the world are breastfeeding outside Facebook's offices to protest the fact that Facebook censors any pictures of breastfeeding.  Meanwhile, CEO Mark Zuckerberg is watching with binoculars saying, "My plan worked perfectly."
GOP Presidential candidate Rick Santorum has discarded his campaign slogan after he learned it was similar to one coined by a gay man.  No word on why he had chosen the slogan "Rick Santorum for President: I Love Penises."
There are rumors circulating of a Justin Bieber sex tape. The sex tape is being marketed as "Hot Girl on Girl Action."
In Quebec, three inmates escaped a prison by helicopter. Prison officials grew suspicious when they noticed the inmates building a helicopter. 
Happy Valentine's Day—or as single people call it, "Drunk Dial Your Ex" Day.
Steve Bannon is "college educated Jabba the Hutt."
Olympic officials said Saudi Arabia's 1st female athlete will be allowed to compete while wearing a head scarf. The Saudi woman says she's thrilled about the ruling and all she needs now is a man to drive her to the Olympics.
Time Magazine apologized to women for suggesting a ban on the word "feminist." It didn’t help that the wording of their apology was, "Sorry we upset you ladies - we didn’t realize it was 'that time of the month.'"
Former President George W. Bush broke ground today on the site of his Presidential Library. Or as he calls it, "Big George's Shushy Place."
Bobby Jindal is a 44-year-old Indian American whose real first name is Piyush. After hearing about it, President Obama said, “A young, non-white guy with a crazy name, good luck with that.”
Bernie Sanders lost the Iowa Caucus by .03%. In other words, Bernie would have won if six stoners had managed to get off the couch.
So if I don't get caught it's a "free sample" and if I do get caught it's "stolen property, please come with me, sir?" Real double standard.
According to a new study, more and more gay Americans are coming out on Facebook. Apparently, gay women come out by introducing their female partner, and gay men come out by recapping "Scream Queens."
There's a new article in Cosmopolitan that explains Obamacare to women. The article is called, "10 Pre-existing Conditions to Drive Your Man Crazy."
Earlier today, former Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty endorsed Mitt Romney calling him a "bedrock conservative." After hearing this, John McCain said, "Hey, I grew up in Bedrock, I don't remember seeing him there."
If there was a gym in my house. I would definitely pay $80 a month to not go to it.
A recent study has revealed that left-handed people have better sex. I don’t know — I’ve tried it with my left hand and it was terrible.
Researchers say they have now figured out exactly what caused the crash of the Hindenburg. The culprit – "Time-Travelling Lindsay Lohan."
Just found out "alma mater" is Latin for "place where I experimented with my sexuality."
Lady Gaga’s song “Judas” has sparked outrage from Catholics. Also not helping: she still wears meat on Fridays.
Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan is calling for stronger sanctions against Russia for its election-meddling. Ryan said, "We must keep Russia out of our elections until we need them again in 2018."
Microsoft has announced a major update to its cellphone software to reduce distractions for drivers. It’s part of their new slogan, "Microsoft: Leave the Crashing To Us."
Photos are now floating around the internet of Kate Middleton's sister, Pippa, partying in a bra. In a related story, Prince William just realized he may have picked the wrong sister.
Mitt Romney says his comments about liking to fire people were taken out of context. What he actually said was, "He likes to set poor people on fire."
CBS will soon offer a paid subscription service. That means you can continue to watch CBS for free, or you can pay for it - it’s your call. 
Cardinals are all starting to gather in Rome.  It's like a Star Trek convention only less celibate.
Canada has imposed a ban on trade with North Korea.  In other words, no more hockey highlight DVDs for Kim Jong-Il.
A prison inmate in Oregon who shot his own jaw off has demanded that the state to pay for his surgery.  At least, that's what I think he said. 
I’m going to be like my dad and show up to every one of my son’s Little League games, but without all the betting.
A Nevada parole board said OJ Simpson could be granted early parole. O.J. said he’s looking forward to getting out and showing today’s NFL players how to really murder someone.
At last night’s BET Awards, white singer Sam Smith won the "Best New Artist" award. This came right after BET announced that it now "identifies as white."
The good news is, the apocalypse did not happen this weekend! The bad news is, we kind of thought it would so we don't have much of a show for you tonight.
It’s been reported that Kanye West will not be in the delivery room when Kim Kardashian has her baby. Before anyone gets mad, this was at the request of the baby.
The Kardashian sisters are among Barbara Walters 10 Most Fascinating People of 2011.  This marks the first time Barbara Walters has done a sarcastic prime-time special.
The Civil War reenactments are a little different here in LA. Larry King is always on hand yelling, “It wasn’t like that.”
In addition to Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton, it’s now rumored that Al Gore is gearing up for a presidential run. When asked why, Gore said, "Because I also have a last name from the '90s."
In Italy, women are mad at Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi for his alleged affairs with prostitutes – so they've planned a protest rally outside his mansion where they're going to throw panties. That'll show that dirty old man – more panties!!!
In Ancient Greece, all Olympic athletes competed in the nude. And to honor that tradition, that's how I plan on watching the Olympics.
Christian Bale has dropped out of the upcoming Steve Jobs biopic. Bale explained he doesn’t want to get typecast as a rich guy who wears all black and has a lot of gadgets.
Newt Gingrich is reportedly struggling with the question of dropping out of the presidential race.  Gingrich said, "If there's one thing my two ex-wives know about me, it's that I'm not a quitter."
Good news, the 5-year drought is over. That’s right, last night, I had sex.
Rick Santorum is rejecting some calls from within his party for him to pull out of the race. Which is funny  because I thought pulling out was the one thing he did believe in.
62% of New Yorkers say they are embarrassed by the sex scandals of Anthony Weiner.  Weiner said, “Let me know when that number reaches 69.”
According to a new report, Al Gore now has more money than Mitt Romney. Gore said, "Mitt and I are living proof that if you're a boring white guy, anything's possible."
It’s like jury duty, one day you find a letter in your mailbox asking you to be in the next "Expendables" movie.
A comedian has been elected president of Guatemala. Apparently, I start next Monday.
Sorry if I'm a little down. I lost $200 in last night's Super Bowl – I bet on "electricity."
I’m having a hard time convincing my kids that Trump and Cosby used to be funny.
Last year, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg donated nearly a billion dollars to charity. Zuckerberg said, "I couldn’t have done it without everybody’s credit card numbers."
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus has dismissed the latest Trump-Russia story as "a nothing burger." When questioned about his really strange choice of words, he explained, "My name in Reince Priebus."
The online version of "Grand Theft Auto" launched yesterday. That's right; the fictional, crime-ridden government of Los Santos is now functioning better than America's real government.
President Obama said the 2012 election is "not going to be as sexy" as the previous election.  That was before Herman Cain unveiled his new plan, 69-9-9.
The company that owns Six Flags amusement parks has suffered a nearly 10% drop in revenue. As the drop began, Six Flags stockholders raised their arms and started screaming.
Michelle Obama’s brother has been fired as the basketball coach at Oregon State. And, like most Americans who lost their job, he blames Obama.
Tonight, the LA Kings could win the Stanley Cup. People here in Los Angeles haven't been this excited since they watched their first hockey game on Monday.
The set of "Sesame Street" is being updated to reflect the modern times. Now everyone is going to live in a trash can.
A new study says men who have more sex are more likely to pray. Especially if they forgot to use birth control.
The Kardashians are outraged that they’ve been robbed three times this year, but the police haven’t caught the culprits. Los Angeles police said, "If only there was a video record of what goes on in the Kardashian home…"
Cadbury has come out with a candy bar specifically designed to appeal to women.  It's called, "Chocolate."
My wife and I each have a celebrity we're allowed to sleep with, no strings attached. Hers is Ryan Gosling. Mine is also Ryan Gosling.
Larry King started out his broadcasting career when he was just 23. It was a different world back than—Larry's first interview question was, "Why only 10 commandments?"
In his press conference, President Trump referred to the neo-Nazis as "history buffs." Then he referred to serial killers as "population control experts."
On "60 Minutes" last night, Donald Trump said he wishes his campaign's tone had been "nicer" and more "on policy." Trump said "But then, I would have lost."
There's a new porn film coming out that is targeted at fans of "Star Trek: The Next Generation."  It's called, "Hey Nerds – This is What Sex Looks Like."
Scientists have created a bullet that is capable of guiding itself to the target. Unfortunately, before the bullet can find the right direction, it has to spend at least a year backpacking around Europe.
The cover of the latest Newsweek features a picture of President Obama with the caption "The First Gay President."  When he heard this, Obama said, "I miss the good old days when they just called me a Muslim."
After a long and illustrious career, this is Larry King's final week of shows.  He's been at it a long time.  When asked about it, Larry said the call-in portion of his show really took off after they invented the telephone. 
The fifth Republican debate took place tonight in Las Vegas. The Vegas debate included nine candidates, and, due to a little mix up, Celine Dion and a white tiger.
50 Cent is blaming his terrible first pitch at the Met’s game last week on excessive masturbation. I just feel sorry for whoever caught the ball.
Here in Southern California, a woman caught shoplifting at a Macy’s fought with security guards and ran off topless. There were plenty of witnesses but no one got a look at her face. 
Kanye West has canceled his VMA appearance tonight because girlfriend Kim Kardashian cannot attend. The news is being reported as a "win-win."
Wal-Mart has announced that it will begin selling the iPad 2 this spring.  Though at Wal-Mart – the iPad2 will be sold as "one of them real fancy cookie sheets."
Overheard some conservative Latino kids in a pool playing “Marco Rubio.”
Today is Donald Trump’s 70th birthday. For the occasion, Donald Trump’s friends got together and said, "Wait - why are we friends with Donald Trump?"
President Obama is the third president to turn 50 in the White House, following Theodore Roosevelt and Bill Clinton.  But still, Bill Clinton is the only president in the White House to celebrate 69.
In Pennsylvania, five people were stabbed at a "Welcome Home from Jail" party.  So I guess the lesson here is, when a convicted felon's coming home from jail, maybe jumping out and yelling surprise isn't the best idea.
A new study reveals wealthy people curse more than middle class people.  Apparently, they say things like, "Holy shit, I'm rich."
The author of "To Kill A Mockingbird" is publishing her second novel after a 55-year hiatus. This one’s entitled: "Mockingbird 2: Mock Harder."
There’s a new toilet that can check on your health, and even tell you if you're pregnant. And there's also a deluxe version that can get you pregnant.
The Dalai Lama says he should not have a successor and that the position has served its purpose. Sorry, Ray Liotta.
The Florida Marlins' new manager, Jack McKeon, is 80-years-old.  This makes him the oldest man working in baseball, and the youngest man working in Florida.
At Dartmouth, 64 students are being accused of cheating in an ethics course. They've all been given an honorary doctorate in Irony.
Time Magazine named President Obama the Person of the Year.  The editor said they gave it to Obama for winning re-election, passing Obamacare, and being the last person in America to subscribe to Time Magazine.
According to the CIA, Osama bin Laden was living in a house that had no internet access. Which explains why there were all those bin Laden sightings at the Islamabad Kinko's.
There are rumors that the wife of North Korean Dictator Kim Jong-un is pregnant.  So finally, a successful missile launch from North Korea.
It's being reported that Kim Kardashian exchanged most of her wedding gifts for Rolex watches that she gave to her family. In Kim's defense, the Kardashians will need the watches to figure out when their 15 minutes are up.
They’ve closed a major freeway here in LA and are calling it “Carmageddon.” I would’ve called it “The Carshank Redemption."
As of today, same-sex marriages are now legal in New Jersey. Or, as New Jersey officials said, "Youse Two Guys Can Now Go Bada-Boom."
Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum is upset because when you Google his last name, the search results include a gay sex act.  Santorum's mad because he doesn't want to end up like 2008 presidential candidate, "Rusty Trombone."
I was going to buy the iPhone 6 Plus, but I already have a flat-screen TV.
This year, over 1500 soldiers were kicked out of the Armed Forces for being overweight. Also, half our fighter pilots are now being charged for two seats.
Chris Christie said the Supreme Court ruling on gay marriage is “wrong.”  However, Christie did admit he has had Chef Boy-R-Dee inside of him.
Whose ass do I have to kiss to get in the new "Human Centipede" movie?
The Trump administration named a new interim Communications Director and her name is Hope Hicks. So, apparently now they’re on the H’s.
SeaWorld is phasing out its killer whale show. Or as Fox News reported it, "More killers set free under Obama."
In Iowa yesterday, while playing football with a kid, Marco Rubio hit him in the face and knocked him down. As a result, today Marco Rubio was immediately signed by the New York Jets.
It was recently announced that a fourth Jason Bourne movie will be made, but without Matt Damon.  This one will be called, "The Bourne Straight to Video." 
Today in Washington, D.C., Prince William attended a reception for endangered species. Things got awkward when Prince William realized the whole event was for his family.
In Colorado, a high school teacher has been put on leave after her class smashed a President Trump piñata. When he heard this, Trump was especially furious that he had been made into something that brings joy to Mexicans.
Hillary Clinton is apparently asking people to donate to her campaign, even if all they can afford is one dollar. Then Bill Clinton said, "Trust me, I will find a use for a giant stack of singles."
It’s tradition that one cabinet member does not attend the State of the Union and is kept in a secret, undisclosed location. So this year that cabinet member will be on a primetime show on NBC.
Yesterday, 20-year-old Trevor Bayne became the youngest person ever to win the Daytona 500.  Even more incredible – he was texting the whole time.
There’s a new device being sold by Amazon that helps users choose what clothes to wear. When you buy the device, Amazon says, "Customers who liked this may also like 'a gay best friend.'"
Mark Zuckerberg says he doesn’t think he overpaid when he bought the instant messaging service "WhatsApp" for $19 billion. Zuckerberg said, "Hey, if you know another way for people to communicate without talking, I’m all ears."
iTunes has pulled a controversial app after people said it was designed for stalkers.  The developers say they will resubmit their app under its original name, "Facebook."
After his speech, President Obama surprised Clinton by walking on stage and giving him a hug.  Out of habit, when Bill Clinton saw a woman's husband coming at him he threw his shoe and hit in a closet.
In Florida, a group of homes had to be evacuated due to a sinkhole. However, as usual officials are having trouble telling where the sinkhole ends and Florida begins.
The Crocs company is in such financial trouble, they’re closing dozens of stores. Of course here’s another idea to help them out: "Stop making Crocs."
A new app for Google Glass has been created that lets you watch yourself during sex. Of course the tough part for people who wear Google Glass is finding someone willing to have sex with them.
Over the weekend at Dodger Stadium, fans cheered a same-sex kiss. Afterwards, fans said they’ve never seen a pitcher and catcher do that on the mound before.
A video has gone viral of a woman using a sex toy to remove dents from her car. She says the video shows "two things this toy can do that my husband can’t."
At Starbucks this morning, everyone is on their laptops drafting a healthcare bill.
A Chicago court has ruled that former White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel cannot run for Mayor of Chicago.  However, according to Chicago law, Emanuel is still perfectly free to purchase the position.
I can’t believe some jerk already has the license plate I requested: MSCORSESE
The Ku Klux Klan is upset that same sex marriage has been legalized in Alabama. The Klan said, "Having two guys dress in white and party on the lawn - that’s OUR thing."
Coca-Cola was originally used to cure hangovers.  Of course then it was replaced by Atlanta's favorite cure for a hangover – more drinking.
All done with my Christmas shopping. Thanks, Shell Gas gift cards!
Mark Zuckerberg announced that a "dislike" button is finally coming to Facebook. So finally, a way to tell your friends how you really feel about their baby.
Halloween is just a month away, and I still haven’t picked out my excuse for not dressing up.
A woman in Oregon awoke from dental surgery to find she had a British accent. Doctors are calling it the first recorded instance of someone with a British accent doing something about their teeth.
In Pennsylvania, a man was arrested for stealing more than $1,000 worth of male enhancement products. Luckily for him, in prison, he's still going to get that huge penis he's always wanted.
There’s another theory about why Christopher Columbus died broke, he didn’t buy his mattress on Columbus Day.  
A Jewish inmate on Kentucky’s death row is suing because he was served chicken that wasn’t kosher. Then he was told that murdering people also isn’t kosher.
Newsweek magazine is taking heat for calling Michele Bachmann the "Queen of Rage." When asked for comment, Michele said, "There's only one Raging Queen in my household, and it's not me."
A new study shows that British men have larger penises than both French and German men.  The study was conducted in the back of Elton John's van.
Taco Bell has introduced a new breakfast menu.  Taco Bell says it's a good idea because "Breakfast is the most important bowel-explosion of the day."
I thought auto-erotic asphyxiation was when you strangle your car while you're having sex with it.
In Beverly Hills it was 108. Of course, because it was Beverly Hills, it only looked 90.
Krispy Kreme locations are giving out free donuts this Halloween when you come in wearing a costume. Yeah, it’s the perfect way to kick off the "Holiday Diabetes Season."
Earlier tonight, President Obama gave a nationally televised speech about Libya.  The speech was entitled, "No, I wasn't born there." 
Today is the multi-state primary known as "Super Tuesday."  It will be followed tomorrow by, "Oh-Shit-Now-We're-Really-Stuck-With-Romney Wednesday."
Yesterday during a Mitt Romney speech in Ohio, protesters kept shouting, "Romney go home."  Luckily for Romney, he owned three homes nearby.
A 700-pound woman is trying to hit 1,000 pounds to reach her goal of becoming the World’s Fattest Woman. Although, she still plans to put "700 pounds" on her Tinder profile.
A recent survey concluded that one out of five millennials are OK with taking a selfie at a funeral. They say the hard part is getting the corpse to make a duck face.
Last year there was a slight increase in the prison population. It’s expected to increase even more when the NFL expands to 34 teams.
Some people believe Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito fell asleep during yesterday's inauguration. In fact, cameras briefly caught the other justices laughing and drawing penises on Alito's face.
Two dangerous mentally-ill men have escaped from a Washington state psychiatric hospital. They’re now the leading contenders in the Republican Presidential race.
"The snake has said all he’s going to say about the matter." - Sean Spicer at the Garden of Eden
Donald Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, gave birth to a baby girl over the weekend. The baby's name is Trump Granddaughter and Casino.
Despite the IRS scandal, 53% of Americans say they approved of the job President Obama is doing.  The other 47% are being audited.
When you think about it - every castle is a bouncy castle, some are just way less bouncy.
In Ohio, a drunk man with a 666 tattoo on his forehead was arrested for urinating inside a burrito shop.  Ladies, you can find him on Match.com.
This year's Consumer Electronics Show includes a fork that tells you when you're eating too fast.  In a related story – Today Chris Christie was spotted yelling at his fork to "mind its own business."
This year’s Oscar nominations are being called the "whitest" in 19 years. Here’s how white it is - I was nominated for best supporting actress.
It came out in the news that Donald Trump was once a producer of a Broadway show. It was a revival of "Les Misérables" called, "The French Are Losers."
According to a new survey, Paris Hilton is more popular than Congress.  And, like Congress, Paris' maximum capacity is 500 members.
A couple recently spent hundreds of dollars to have a brain tumor removed from their pet goldfish. Doctors performed the operation and then gave them back a different goldfish.
Plans are underway to build an NFL stadium in Los Angeles. That's good news because it's been at least a decade since LA had a sports team not to care about.
The Surgeon General has come out in favor of medical marijuana. He's also asking that his title be changed from "Surgeon General" to "Doctor Goodvibes."
Japanese engineers have created a "girlfriend jacket" that replicates the sensation of being hugged by a woman from behind. Once again, Japanese engineers remain on the cutting edge of creepy loneliness.
In a very frank, tell-all interview, former Playmate Holly Madison said life at the Playboy Mansion with Hugh Hefner involved "a lot of fear." She said, "We were all afraid he would die inside of us."
Over the weekend, a fire broke out at Disneyland. Witnesses said the fire at Disneyland spread "like measles at Disneyland."
According to new Consumer Reports, almost all ground beef in the US has fecal contamination. In response, McDonald’s changed its slogan from "I’m lovin' it" to "there’s s*** on my teeth."
Lindsay Lohan sent out a tweet complaining that Amanda Bynes has been getting off too easy for her driving violations.  Lohan sent the tweet from behind the wheel just before crashing through a Pinkberry.
If we all pitch in, we can fund the removal of that little Eddie Munster-ish v-shaped hair thing on Paul Ryan’s forehead.
Look for me on next week’s episode of "Breaking Bad." I play a beaker of thorium oxide.
Macy's has now severed ties with Donald Trump and will no longer carry his menswear collection. So from now on, men who want to look like Donald Trump will have to hunt and kill their own hairpieces.
A new study found that nearly 1 out of 3 people can't resist using Facebook while in the bathroom.  I'm just grateful they're not using Skype. 
Kanye West tweeted a photo of a Donald Trump-signed copy of TIME Magazine’s Person of the Year issue. Trump signed it, "To my good friend, Ben Carson."
The Kardashians signed a deal for 3 more seasons of their reality show. When asked what they plan to do for 3 more seasons, the Kardashians said, "Some Lakers, some Clippers, and a college soccer team."
Donald Trump has announced that as President, he’ll take a salary of $1 a year. And he promises he’ll earn every penny.
A zoo in England is going to let redheads in for free in honor of World Orangutan Day. Just a warning - I fell for this once and spent two years inside a cage at the San Diego Zoo. 
After the recent prisoner exchange, Obama’s approval rating with Americans has fallen to its lowest point so far. On the bright side, his approval rating with the Taliban is through the roof. 
In Louisiana, two 6-year-olds and a 3-year-old are being accused of robbing a home.  However, their attorney has entered a plea of "Nah-Uh!"
A new report suggests that Christopher Columbus may have secretly been Jewish. What tipped them off was Columbus' diary entry, where he described his journey to America as a real "schlepp."
A loophole recently allowed a gay couple to get married in Oklahoma. Coincidentally "The Loophole," is the name of the gay bar where they met.
Since January 1st, Texas is allowing gun owners to carry their guns openly in most public places. However, you still have to conceal your science book.
China's biggest Barbie store is going out of business. It's so sad to think about all those poor little girls in China who are now out of a job.
Yesterday, Bill Clinton said that President Obama helped him edit his convention speech. The biggest change was that Obama had Clinton use the phrase "Americans" instead of "all you fine honeys."
Mitt Romney is at the Olympics. Mitt said he loves watching people from other countries work for no money.
Over the weekend here in Los Angeles, Justin Bieber crashed a high school prom. Not only that, he won Homecoming Queen.
Didn't know you could squeeze up to three ounces of liquor out of a department store Santa's beard. Thanks, Martha Stewart!
Martha Stewart said she's putting her dating profile on Match.com. Martha says she's looking for Mr. Right so she can tell him everything he's doing wrong.
Ford is installing a new feature in their cars which reads text messages out loud to the driver. This amazing new feature is called a "passenger." 
A new survey has revealed that for Valentine's Day, 30% of women prefer sex over flowers. The survey was from a sampling of women I've never encountered in my life. 
Saudi Arabia has been named to the United Nations' Commission on Women's Rights. In a related story, Ireland has been named to the UN Commission on Sobriety and Tanning.
After 113 days, the National Hockey League has settled its contract dispute. By the way, the last time Americans went 113 days without watching hockey, it was during last year's hockey season.
A Tea Party group is running a summer camp for kids. It's the only camp where the kids sit around a bonfire and hear scary stories about taxing the richest two percent.
Officials in California are looking for thieves who stole nearly $50,000 dollars worth of bull semen. Sounds like someone’s getting ready to have a pretty crazy Super Bowl party.
In South Carolina, former Governor Mark Sanford won a congressional seat after dragging around and debating a cardboard cut-out of Nancy Pelosi.  Then someone explained that was Nancy Pelosi. 
Apple announced it will only sell the Apple Watch in the store, by appointment. In a related story, Casio announced it will only be selling its watches in a van, behind the Chick-fil-A.
Matt Lauer’s wife has reportedly kicked him out of the house. Even worse, she’s replaced him with Hoda.
Hillary came to Los Angeles and she visited the set of the political drama, "Scandal." There was an awkward moment when Hillary told the writers, "Man, have I got some ideas for you."
The Olympics closing ceremony was held in Rio last night. There was an emotional moment at the end when they extinguished the Olympic torch by having Ryan Lochte urinate on it.
Yesterday, the Kansas Supreme Court ruled that strippers can collect unemployment.  However, they cannot ask the clerk at the Unemployment Office to "make it rain."
Kate Middleton had her baby.  The Royal baby is 8 pounds but you can’t really put a price on a child.
Justin Bieber was briefly jailed, and the police report described him as "5-foot-9 and 140 lbs." Or as his cellmate put it, "just right." 
Hillary Clinton revealed to Anderson Cooper that she has fainted "a few times." Of course, I think we all get that way around Anderson Cooper.
British Prime Minister, David Cameron, has admitted he accidentally left his 8 year old daughter in a pub.  Cameron was immediately named an honorary citizen of Chicago.
KFC is planning to bring back Colonel Sanders. Because if there’s one thing that’ll bring America together right now, it’s an old white guy dressed like a plantation owner.
Republican Senator Ted Cruz is blaming the porn tweet on a staffer logging onto his account at 1 AM. By the way, if my wife is watching, honey, two nights ago at 2 AM, I got up to use the bathroom and hired a staffer.
Justin Bieber posted a picture of himself on Instagram wearing cornrows. It’s quite a transformation, now he looks like a Jamaican lesbian.
Because of his bad behavior while flying, Justin Bieber has reportedly been added to the Homeland Security Watch List. Terrorists heard this and said, "Please don’t lump us in with that douchebag."
The latest rumor in Hollywood is that Brad Pitt’s calls are being blocked by Angelina Jolie. So finally Brad Pitt and I have something in common.
Jeremy, the college kid who asked the first question at last night's debate, now says he is no longer undecided. When asked to elaborate, he said, "I am DEFINITELY moving to Canada."
Only seven more shopping days until I give my family cash for Christmas.
The latest rumor in Washington is President Trump is looking for a replacement for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. After hearing the job entails constant trips out of the country, Melania volunteered.
Scientists have discovered a new kind of insect that has four penises. The insect is described as "exhausted."
Kim Kardashian has reportedly had to un-invite 50 guests to her wedding due to "space restrictions." For the same reason, Kim has also had to un-invite her ass.
Over the weekend, Snooki auctioned off her old SUV on eBay for $77,000. The well-handled machine with distressed leather interior that can comfortably fit eight said she'd miss the car.
Today was the annual Easter Egg Roll on the White House lawn. Usually when you see something rolling on the White House lawn it’s a drunk Secret Service agent.
This morning I thought I was filled with a childlike sense of wonder, but it was just a norovirus.
Last night on "Dancing With the Stars", Kirstie Alley did a cartwheel.  It was Kirstie's first cartwheel since they opened a Cinnabon in her neighborhood.
A man trapped in a snowstorm in Alaska survived for three days by consuming only frozen cans of beer. Rescuers said they finally found the man when they heard him yelling, "Party!"
United Airlines is being sued by a woman because a male passenger sitting in the same row kept masturbating on the flight. It's the case of United Airlines vs. Kate Upton.
Hillary Clinton said Pennsylvania is where she learned to shoot a gun.  Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders said Pennsylvania is where he learned to load a musket.
The Smithsonian has a video game exhibit. There’s even a tour guide who yells at you for not being outside on such a nice day.
It’s rumored that Arnold Schwarzenegger’s son is cheating on his girlfriend, Miley Cyrus. After hearing about it, Arnold said, "That’s my boy."
A strip club in Tampa is luring Republicans with a Sarah Palin look-a-like. The woman is identical to Sarah Palin in every way, except the stripper has a tangible skill.
James Franco is teaching a film class where students will study characters played by James Franco in movies starring James Franco. The class meets on Tuesdays and Thursdays, halfway up James Franco's ass.
A new study claims that red-headed women are sexually desirable but red-headed men are not.  I wouldn’t have minded, but the study mentioned me by name. 
MTV says Snooki's pregnancy could mean the end of "Jersey Shore."  As a result, the father of her baby is now eligible for the Congressional Medal of Honor.
While filming a commercial for an energy drink, Kim Kardashian fell off a bicycle. Luckily, her body is 90% pillow.
There’s now footage of the drug kingpin El Chapo changing his shoes right before his escape. Apparently, authorities didn’t notice El Chapo was lacing up a pair of Nike "Tunnel Runners."
Facebook has unveiled a new option to let users keep their private information secure. The option is called "Sign off of Facebook."
At a concert the other night, Miley Cyrus twerked on Santa. So don’t expect Santa Claus to be satisfied with milk and cookies anymore. 
Borders Books has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The protection means that creditors can no longer collect debts from Borders – but they can duck in anytime and use its bathroom.
A new report claims that posing with a dog in your online dating profile makes you more desirable. And posing with a cat means you’re going to die alone. 
Due to inflation, a cup of coffee in Russia costs the equivalent of 8 dollars and 30 cents. In other words, they have Starbucks in Russia.
Presidential candidate Lindsey Graham said Caitlyn Jenner is "welcome" in the Republican Party. Caitlyn Jenner said, "Thanks, and by the way, the name 'Lindsey' was my second choice."
The Weather Channel covered the eclipse all day today. When asked why, a spokesperson for the Weather Channel said, "Jesus, until the next hurricane, this is all we’ve freakin' got."
Levi Johnston has announced that he's not going to do any more interviews for awhile. When asked why, Levi said "Because I've already used all the words I know."
A DNA lab has proven that KFC did not, as claimed, serve a customer a fried rat. You can see the test on this week’s exciting episode of "CSI: KFC."
Tonight is the beginning of the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah; when all Jewish people need to be home before sundown. Which is why I didn’t have anyone to write a punchline for this joke.
A controversial new book claims that Sarah Palin once had a one night stand with African-American NBA player Glen Rice.   People in Alaska were shocked and asked, "What's an African-American?"
Many years after dropping out of Harvard, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is going back to get an honorary degree. Zuckerberg said he would have gone back sooner, but even he can’t afford college these days.
The "50 Shades of Grey" movie will be postponed until 2015. For "50 Shades" fans, that's agony - sweet, sweet agony.
New app idea: Everyone gets a unique set of numbers. Type those numbers into the app and you can speak to each other!
President Obama's approval rating has hit 60%, its highest in two years. Experts say at this rate, Obama can count on re-election if he just kills Osama bin Laden two more times in the next 12 months.
A well-known Italian photographer just came out with a calendar of penises.  Or as Snooki calls it, "A to do list." On that calendar, February is not the shortest month.
Over the weekend, the Miss America pageant was won by a woman from Brooklyn.  She was the first winner to stroll down the runway and say, "Hey— I'm walking here."
Yesterday after a 10-hour stand-off, Chris Brown was arrested by the LAPD. Police brought him to the station and put him in the "Chris Brown Wing."
CNN denied that it’s phasing out Wolf Blitzer.  In fact, according to Larry King, Wolf has a good 70 years left.
Over 100 Native American tribes have expressed interest in growing marijuana. This is according to Native American spokesman, "Chillaxing Eagle."
In New Mexico, a man was arrested for buying a woman food so that  she would have sex with him. The man has been charged with "dating."
A consumer group has published a list of their ten worst toys to get kids for Christmas. Topping the list - a Menorah.
In Georgia, an Applebee's manager called the police on a customer for breastfeeding her baby.  The mother is being charged with serving a nutritious meal at Applebees.
My wife can always tell I'm lying because I break down in tears and scream, "I'm lying!"
Back in 1993, there was barely even a World Wide Web. It was a rough time – you had to download your porn by fax.
RadioShack just announced they will be celebrating Black Friday on Wednesday. Mostly because Radio Shack’s worried they won’t be around on Friday.
NASA has figured out a way to get wifi on the moon. Finally, a safe place for married guys to watch porn.
The latest rumor is that Mitt Romney's running mate will be a white male from Ohio.  Or as Romney refers to him, "a person of color."
Donald Trump said he wants Apple to bring manufacturing jobs from China back to America. He said, "It’s about time we put AMERICAN kids to work!"
Apparently, Rick Santorum endorsed Mitt Romney last night very late via email.  This makes Santorum the ten millionth guy to be ashamed of what he did late last night on his computer.
Justin Bieber hung out with the Pittsburgh Steelers before yesterday’s game and then, the Steelers lost.  Apparently, the Steelers weren’t inspired by his speech, "Win one for the Bieber."
In Michigan, the world’s oldest person recently turned 116. When the president called to congratulate her she said, "Tell McKinley I’m busy."
Your lap doesn’t really disappear when you stand up, it just goes into storage.
A Republican Senator from Illinois said he won’t support Donald Trump for president because he is "too racist." He said, "That’s why I liked Ted Cruz, he was just racist enough."
Babies are being named after "Game of Thrones" characters? What parents would name a baby after a sword wielding, mythological character?
During last night's debate, Mitt Romney said that he would cut funds to PBS even though he loves Big Bird. And he said he's definitely against whatever the hell Bert and Ernie are up to.
If you have a table that you use just for scrapbooking, chances are we don’t agree on what’s funny.
Tonight, President Obama gave his State of the Union and said "The state of the union is strong." Meanwhile, Newt Gingrich made a speech to his wife and said, "The state of our union is ‘open.'"
The Academy only nominated nine films for Best Picture instead of ten. So apparently the Academy didn't see "A Madea Christmas."
On the premiere of her new reality show, Bristol Palin confronted a man in a bar and demanded to know why he hates her mother.  In response, John McCain said, "Leave me alone, I'm having a drink."
It's being reported that Toronto Mayor Rob Ford threatened to perform cunnilingus on female employees. Which is strange since Canada offers all citizens government-subsidized cunnilingus.
Maybe now that it’s 2016, we can finally start talking about the presidential election.
This week, President Obama’s speech was interrupted when the crowd began singing Happy Birthday. In a related story, Joe Biden’s speech was interrupted when the crowd realized that the speaker was Joe Biden.
In the UK, a group of scientists successfully taught bumblebees how to play soccer. And now, they’re trying to get American bumblebees to watch it.
The Federal government spent almost half a million dollars studying the effects of gay hook up apps. Turns out, they work great.
The FDA has approved the very first robot doctor.  When asked about it, the robot doctor said, "I'm sorry – we don't take your insurance."
President Obama has said that the day after the budget deal is made he’s going to concentrate on immigration. He’ll start by deporting Ted Cruz.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, dudes wore vests.
A woman got a DUI while driving a car that belongs to Toronto Mayor Rob Ford. So I’m starting to think maybe it’s the car that has the problem.
A new study shows that most people are not as good looking as they think they are.  The study was conducted by The Institute of That Bitch Ashley.
An old pair of shoes once owned by Justin Bieber has sold on eBay for $50,000. And I’ll be honest - they’re a little tight on me.
Charlie Sheen opened a Twitter account today.  So get ready to finally hear what Charlie Sheen is thinking. 
A mansion previously owned by Donald Trump is on sale in Connecticut for $54 million dollars. The house comes with 16 bedrooms, a tennis court, and here’s the best part, no Trump.
Over 40,000 workers for Amazon.com have walked off the job. They’ve been chanting, "What do we want? Higher wages. When do we want it? In 2-5 business days!"
One of the new products at the Consumer Electronics Show is a pair of jeans that vibrate the left or right pocket to tell you which direction to drive. Of course, the most exciting part is the way the jeans tell you to back it up.
Some scientists say one day we may be able to store data in our DNA. If that’s true, then the floor of my college dorm room is a supercomputer.
In a new interview, TV Host Julie Chen said she had an operation to widen her eyes.  After hearing this, Clint Eastwood said, "You can do that?"
Marriott recently announced that they're going to make all of their hotel rooms porn-free. When they heard this, men everywhere checked into a Marriott, unpacked their laptops, and said, "We'll just see about THAT!"
Facebook is hiring 3,000 new people to scan its website all day, looking for offensive or obscene content. Mark Zuckerberg, if you’re watching, Andy has been training for this job his entire life.
The Spurs have the best team/lamest name ratio since the Davenport Shoelaces.
The Obama campaign is offering people a chance to win a dinner with President Obama for $3. This might explain Obama's new campaign slogan "Hey, I'm cheaper than Arby's."
If you love the gutsy Tom Brady & the high drama of today's AFC matchup, you'll love the DVD rerelease of "Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants."
Arnold Schwarzenegger has not taken off his wedding ring. When asked why, Schwarzenegger described his ring as a "total housekeeper magnet."
Over the weekend, NBA and reality TV star Lamar Odom was traded to Dallas for a first round draft pick.  Not only that, his wife Khloe Kardashian was traded to New Jersey for 2 Real Housewives. 
A city in Wisconsin has been preventing the overpopulation of pigeons by giving them birth control. Everyone’s calling it a great idea - except the guy who has to put the condoms on the pigeons.
Earlier this week, Aretha Franklin got out of a parking ticket in New York by singing to a meter maid.  In a related story, Michael Bolton tried the same thing and is now serving life. 
Denver is reportedly considering letting people smoke marijuana in restaurants. So good luck remembering those specials the waiters told you about.
Microsoft announced it’s going to fire almost 2,000 workers in its troubled smartphone division. The Microsoft employees got the news this morning on their iPhones.
President Obama now has a 52 point lead with Hispanics. However, Mitt Romney has a 90 point lead with the people who hire Hispanics.
It's been revealed that the Navy SEALs who killed Osama bin Laden were accompanied by a bomb-sniffing, armor-wearing German Shepherd. The German Shepherd says the mission was okay – but he was really hoping bin Laden had had a cat.
Over the weekend in New Hampshire, a massive riot broke out at a pumpkin festival. The incident is being investigated by the FBI’s "Extremely White Crimes Unit."
Rick Perry finished in 5th place with only 10% of the votes.  When asked if he was dropping out, Perry said, "Quitting is not in my vocabulary and neither be most other words."
This online security question wants to know the name of my first pet, but I was too busy running the farm to name the ants.
Today might be Labor Day, but I'll always remember it as the day when Tsar Peter I of Russia imposed a tax on beards.
According to the Red Cross, obese people now outnumber the hungry. When told this, obese people said, "Hey, we're hungry too."
Today, President Trump welcomed the first group of new visitors to the White House since he became president. It was a little awkward, because one of them was Melania.
In Colorado, a barber shop is refusing to serve customers who reek of marijuana. Today, the barber shop went out of business. 
President Trump tweeted that he’s "sad" over the removal of our "beautiful statues." Of course, Trump may just be sticking up for his fellow bronze-colored symbols of hate.
There are a number of websites in India that offer to write essays for American students.  Teachers say they can tell which essays are from India because they always start, "Hello Ma'am, and how are you today?"
In a recent interview, George Clooney said that he's had sex with too many women to ever run for office.  Right after saying this, Clooney was immediately made Prime Minister of Italy.
After rumors surfaced of another video of him smoking crack, Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said he’s taking a leave of absence. Of course, he’s earned it—the guy has been up since 2004.
At the Miami Zoo, the orangutans have been given iPads to play with.  So far the orangutans have been using them to draw pictures, solve simple puzzles, and fling their poo.
Tonight at the White House, President Obama will hold a ceremony for the first night of Hanukkah.  In response, the Republicans said, "It's even worse than we thought—he's a Jewish Muslim."
Today, Facebook went public, just as MySpace’s last user went private.
There’s an adorable video going around of three grandmothers trying marijuana for the first time. There’s also an adorable video of three grandsons tearing a room apart, shouting "Where the f*** is our weed?"
Honey Boo Boo's family is reportedly demanding a substantial raise.  However, they'll settle for two bags of Funyuns.
It's being reported that one of the co-founders of Microsoft has purchased a Russian fighter jet. He said, "If this doesn't get me laid, I give up."
In Florida, an Anheuser-Busch truck collided with a Frito-Lay truck, spilling beer and chips all over the highway. Of course in Florida they call that an "Easter miracle."
New reports say that Beyoncé is due to give birth in February. Or as Beyoncé put it, "My new single drops in early 2012."
The upcoming "Fifty Shades of Grey" movie will contain 20 minutes of sex scenes. That’s six more than "The SpongeBob Movie."
Katy Perry is selling her $7 million dollar mansion.  The mansion comes with a great view of the mountains until Katy Perry moves out.
In Southern California, a naked woman trying to sneak into her ex-boyfriend's house got trapped in the chimney. Afterwards, the boyfriend said, "That wasn't what I meant when I told her we should try it in the chimney."
At his press conference last night, Donald Trump had a display of Trump Steaks even though Trump Steaks went out of business nine years ago. When they heard that nine-year-old meat was for sale, Arby’s said, "We’ll take those."
Just days after calling off her wedding to Hugh Hefner, Playboy Playmate Crystal Harris has returned the couple's dog to Hefner.  Sources say he's a slightly mangy fellow who pees himself a lot, but that he's very glad to get his dog back.
The makers of a Star Wars video game are now introducing a new version that features a "gay planet." Also, now the game begins with the words, "A long time ago, like, SOOO last week…"
The film "Selma" was snubbed and some people are saying it's because of the film's historical inaccuracies. However, that theory was dismissed by the actress who played Coretta Scott King - Tara Reid.
It's been reported that Californians donated almost $600,000 to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's reelection campaign. And by Californians – I mean my monologue writers.
A new study just came out and it found that men who drink beer produce more offspring. The results were discovered by a scientist who spent one hour in Ireland.
As a possible lead-up to a presidential campaign, Jeb Bush is releasing 250,000 emails from his years as governor of Florida. Sadly, most of the emails were Bush responding, "Yes, I WOULD like to enlarge my penis."
Olympic gold medalist, Carl Lewis says that Chris Christie cancelled a position for him as the state's "physical fitness ambassador" after Lewis did something that Christie didn’t like. When asked what he did that Christie didn’t like, Lewis said, "A sit-up."
There’s a new smartphone app that can tell you what your baby wants when it’s crying. Apparently, the most common thing babies say are "I’m hungry," "I need to be changed," and "put down your goddamn phone."
Two properties associated with Donald Trump have decided to remove his name from their buildings. Sadly, neither one is the White House.
A few hours ago, President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Apparently Trump still hasn’t forgiven Comey for making him president.
The CEO of Barnes and Noble said that, because of the internet, they are being forced to close up to a third of their stores. Then he said, "Good luck using the bathroom at Amazon.com."
A new study indicates that anti-impotence drugs like Viagra may cause blindness. Not to the person taking it - to the person who gets poked in the eye.
On Mother’s Day, Eminem released a music video for a song which is a public apology to his mother.  No word yet on whether or not Eminem’s mother enjoyed the song, "Sorry I didn’t call, bitch."  
Budweiser announced that this summer they will rename their beer "America." So starting in June, you’re not an alcoholic: you’re a patriot.
A new study came out, it reveals some dangerous side effects from childbirth. The dangerous side effects women suffer include pelvic injuries, muscle tears, and children.
According to a poll, New Yorkers say they won’t vote for Anthony Weiner.  Weiner said, “Oh yeah, well, I could show you my own pole.”
A British company has created a line of underwear designed to make women’s buttocks appear larger.  Just a tip, don’t ask your girlfriend if she’s wearing them.
Olympic officials are considering banning women athletes who are considered too masculine.  They decided this after a relay race when one of the female runners reached back and grabbed what she thought was a baton.
There are two kinds of Mexican restaurants. Those that serve fresh authentic cuisine, and ones that serve the cheap, greasy junk I love.
It’s been reported that the next "Star Wars" movie will take place 30 years after "Return of the Jedi." So kids—get ready for "Combover Chewbacca."
Yesterday, Donald Trump tweeted that millions of people voted illegally on Election Day. Then someone told Trump it’s not illegal for women to vote.
Donald Trump has announced today he is running for president. Which, by the way, traditionally means six more weeks of comedy.
Security experts say the new interactive Barbie doll could be vulnerable to hackers. Even worse, they say Barbie’s Dream House can be easily converted into Barbie’s Meth Lab.
Just hired Dr. Dre to produce my first rap album, “Ladies Be Frightening."
The Presidential debates will be streamed live on You Tube. As a result, both candidates have been busy learning how to dance Gangnam Style.
A snowstorm in Atlanta resulted in a 10-hour traffic jam. To which people in Los Angeles responded, "You guys need snow for that?"
In Minnesota, a woman was arrested for throwing a tampon at police officers.  She could get 30 days by which point we'll have to go through this all over again.
New York City schools are now being required to teach sex-ed. It's hoped to be an improvement over the way New Yorkers currently tell their kids about sex, "Ay, I'm SCREWIN' here!"
A new study says that each prison inmate costs the city of New York the same as an Ivy League education. Of course, it’s a ridiculous comparison, because inmates leave prison with actual job skills.
Ultimate Fighting Champion Ronda Rousey is mad at Justin Bieber because Bieber refused to take a picture with her little sister. Bieber’s funeral is tomorrow.
Chris Christie gave a 20 minute speech to announce he’s running for president in his high school’s gymnasium. It was the longest period of time Christie has ever spent in a gym.
This Sunday is Father’s Day.  Or as NBA players call it – Don’t Answer the Phone Day.
Yesterday, someone threw a pair of shoes at Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.  Iran has captured the shoes and is studying their technology.
It’s being reported that NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden is back with his girlfriend. Apparently, he got tired of leaking by himself.
China has announced that they will begin construction on a "Hello Kitty" theme park.  Not only that, China's also beginning construction on a "Goodbye Doggie" cafeteria.
Apple is reportedly considering a device to put in women’s bodies that tracks their menstrual cycles. It’s part of Apple’s new slogan, "Think Creepy."
Donald Trump has said he’d replace Obamacare with something called "Donaldcare." The way "Donaldcare" works is, you tell Donald Trump exactly what your symptoms are and he deports you.
Patriots by 7. This is my pick for the Superbowl. And for any future U.S. revolutionary wars.
In a new biography, Michael Jordan says that as a kid, he saw so much racism that he began to hate "all white people." Jordan said he only started to feel compassion for white people after watching them play basketball. 
Barbara Walters announced that her final day on "The View" will be May 16.  It’s not a total shock since she was in the last year of her 80-year contract.
Sometimes I hear voices. Usually when I hide in your front closet and wait a while.
The world’s second strongest man just announced that he is gay. He said he realized he was gay after wrestling the world’s first strongest man.  
American officials say they support the Egyptian protesters but are concerned about someone less stable replacing President Mubarak.  I think they've got a point because right now the favored candidate is "Mohammed Al-GaryBusey."
When I retire I’m going to pursue my first passion: inventing pancakes that can be sold by the loaf.
On Friday, Oprah Winfrey interviewed Mitt Romney. The two talked about politics, foreign policy and what it's like to lose a million dollars in the couch cushions.
Wal-Mart reports that one of the most popular toys this Christmas will be a brand-new Barbie dream house. Of course the least popular toy this Christmas— the "Twerking Elmo."
In New York City, the US Postal Service is trying to expand into grocery deliveries. It’s perfect for people who want their groceries delivered to their next door neighbor's house.
A light bulb from 1912 has been discovered that still works.  The unused light bulb was found in Angelina Jolie's refrigerator.  
First Ben Carson said he attacked his mother with a hammer, now Ben Carson’s mother is saying she’s the one who attacked Ben with a hammer. I don’t know about you, but that’s going to be one awkward Thanksgiving at the Carson house.
Donald Trump appears to be softening some of his anti-immigration views lately. So it sounds to me like someone’s shopping for a new wife.
Talked to the guy in charge of milk expiration dates. He said he just uses relatives’ birthdays.
It's being reported today that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi described President Obama an African of Arab and Muslim descent. Immediately after the speech, Gaddafi was given his own show on Fox News.
It’s been revealed that a tweet President Trump sent out yesterday about Iran testing a ballistic missile was based on old news footage. Even worse, most of Trump’s complaints about the NFL were based on the movie "Rudy."
For the first time, the Miss America Pageant was won by a woman of Indian descent. The judges asked her, "Why do you want to be Miss America?" "What will you do with the prize?" and "How do I get my laptop to reboot?"
In a survey of 35 cities, Los Angeles ranked second to last in "intelligence."  Residents of LA were outraged after the report was slowly explained to them.
Chevrolet put out a press release about its newest car written only in emojis. Ford did the same - unfortunately the emojis were a lemon and a tow truck.
Alaska released 24,000 pages of Sarah Palin's emails on Friday, and many people have noticed that Palin likes to use "flippin" instead of the f-word.  For instance, one email says, "I wish my daughter and Levi Johnston would stop flippin'."
In a new interview, Barry Manilow said that young musicians don't write quality music.  Then he said, "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go sing my classic, ‘I'm sad when you're sad and I'm glad when you're glad.'"
According to a new survey, more than half of all senior citizens are now on Facebook. And sadly, none of them know it.
Canadian officials announced they are planning to build up their military. Then they said, "That is, you know, if it’s ok with everybody else."
Wow talk about hard living. Just found out Bernie Sanders is 41.
Excited for the "Breaking Bad" season finale tonight. My prediction: Something will not go as planned and meth will be involved.
Some experts are now saying that syphilis was brought back to Europe by Christopher Columbus. Which explains the popular children's rhyme, "In 14-hundred and 93/Columbus said/ ‘It burns when I pee.'"
This is strange, but cases of syphilis in Maine are skyrocketing. State officials are blaming poor hygiene and slutty lobsters.
It's being reported that Osama bin Laden was killed by an elite squad of Navy Seals called "Team 6." These guys are amazing—Not only did they kill bin Laden, they also killed Donald Trump's shot at being president.
Chipotle is now being accused of gender discrimination. A spokesperson for Chipotle said, "That’s not true, we serve both E.coli and She.coli."
A tech company demonstrated a drone that is controlled directly by the user's brain. It was part of the 2015 "What Could Go Wrong? Festival."
There’s a new memoir out written by a man with two penises. I’m sorry - but I think there’s something wrong with a guy who has two penises and still has time to write a book.
According to the Mayans, the world is ending Friday. So, here's how I look at it, we can either do a show right now or have the world's first televised orgy.
The Atlanta Falcons are coming under fire for pumping fake crowd noise into their stadium during football games. You could tell it was fake, because on the third down, the fans would chant "WHEEL OF FORTUNE!"
Yesterday, President Obama said that the prison at Guantanamo "needs to be closed."  To make sure it closes quickly, they're turning it into a Blockbuster video.
There's a new app that tells you how smart your dog is. Here's how it works – If you bought the app, your dog is smarter than you.
At least 105 Russian athletes have been banned from the upcoming Olympics for doping. So now the only recourse these athletes have is to have long, successful careers in Major League Baseball.
General Mills announced it will remove all artificial colors from their cereals. So, from now on, Trix aren’t for kids, they’re for people who like eating grey balls.
Yesterday, Donald Trump threatened to send federal troops to Chicago. The weird part is, not the city, the musical.
Just spared my 8 year old son years of teasing and a lifetime of therapy by buying him a BOY'S BIKE. Hear that, DAD? A BOY'S BIKE!!
New polling shows President Obama has a 10 point lead in Mitt Romney's home state of Michigan. Although, in Obama's home state of Hawaii, Romney has a 10 house lead.
How do I handle this? I got a coupon for a back rub from my gardener.
California Gov. Jerry Brown said that the state is now $16 billion in debt. He said it in a speech called, "Seriously, Let's Legalize Pot." 
People surveyed in 21 countries overwhelmingly favor President Obama over Mitt Romney. Although, Romney is still a huge favorite in the country of Khakistan.
Mitt Romney is complaining that Newt Gingrich never called to congratulate him last night for winning the primary.  However, Romney said he did get a call from some guy asking for "a Mr. Heywood Jablowme."
I will not see “Les Mis” because it’s too long, and because they went with Amanda Seyfried over me for the part of Cosette.
A new trend in comfort wear is part pajamas, part poncho and it's called the "Pajancho." And the guy who invented it is called a "pa-stoner."
I’ve been working out and now have the strength of ten men. And they’re all Regis Philbin.
A new report says that 80% of sunscreens either don't work or have questionable ingredients. In a related story, I don’t have long to live.
After only 10 weeks on the market, Taco Bell has sold 100 million Doritos Locos Tacos. Today, the CEO of Taco Bell said he is "pleased," while the CEO of Charmin Toilet Paper said he is "ecstatic."
An Ohio based company made a cup holder for dip that attaches to a dashboard so you can eat chips and dip while you drive. I don’t have a joke about this, I just wanted to remind you we’re still the greatest country in the world.
A new  study finds that the happiest ages are 23 and 69. And the happiest person of all— a 69 year old dating a 23 year old.
Beyonce's publicist is busy trying to get seven unflattering photos of Beyonce removed from the internet. The publicist is described by friends as "hard-working" and "new to the internet."
Arby’s has just come out with a venison sandwich. The venison sandwich is only available in Arby’s locations that are near the highway.
President Obama just had Oprah over to the White House. I think Oprah gave him some advice because tonight during his State of the Union speech, President Obama gave everyone in the audience a brand new Nissan Sentra.
Rapper DMX was arrested for driving drunk in a 1978 Plymouth station wagon. He was charged with a DUI and for “being a rapper in a 1978 Plymouth station wagon.”
A lot of people are upset because in a new movie, Michael Jackson will be played by British white actor Joseph Fiennes. They’re also not thrilled about the new James Brown biopic starring Benedict Cumberbatch.
No one was hurt, everyone’s fine, but over the weekend, Leonardo DiCaprio and his model girlfriend were in a fender bender. DiCaprio and his girlfriend are being listed in highly doable condition.
In England, a 46-year-old man has turned his bedroom into a life-size replica of the Batcave. He says he’s exactly like Bruce Wayne, except his parents only WISH they were dead.
Today, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie spent the day with Prince Harry.  Christie gave Prince Harry the royal treatment, taking him to a White Castle and a Burger King.
In a recent interview, the Dalai Lama says there should be no more Dalai Lamas after his death. This is particularly bad news for his son, Steve Lama.
This year’s Easter Sunday happens to fall on the same day as the marijuana holiday 4/20. Which means, no matter what your religion, this Sunday you’re probably gonna see a giant bunny. 
Buzzfeed has released an unverified report claiming Donald Trump hired two Russian prostitutes to pee on a bed while he watched. Trump denied the report and said, "I would never give a foreign worker a job that an American worker could do just as well."
The wildfires in California are getting pretty serious, they’re now starting to burn marijuana farms. The fire is being put out by 200 firefighters and 8,000 "volunteers."
Never thought my wife & I'd be buying diapers again, but sometimes God gives you a cousin who has to skip town and leaves a monkey behind.
On this year's "Most Fascinating People Special," Barbara Walters will interview the cast of "Jersey Shore."  So it's official: Barbara Walters is very easily fascinated.
Kim Kardashian tweeted that she is supporting President Obama in the midterm elections. I think it worked, because all the polls are predicting that after tonight, Barack Obama will still be President of the United States.
Fast food chain White Castle announced they are taking reservations for Valentine's Day. It's the perfect place to bring that special lady you never want to hear from again.
Anyone else worried that we're in the midst of a cupcake store bubble?
Today is St. Patrick’s Day. So to all my Irish-American viewers, I want to offer the traditional St. Patrick’s Day greeting: "Please hand over your car keys right now."
Yesterday, Donald Trump said, "If I lose, I don’t think you’ll ever see me again." So finally, a Trump campaign promise we can all get behind.
Hello Kitty recently turned 40. She’s been around so long people now refer to her as, "Oh, It’s You Kitty."
One of the holiday decorations at the White House is a 400 pound gingerbread house. And in front of that, is a 10 pound gingerbread foreclosed sign.
In a speech yesterday, Pope Francis accidentally said the f-word in Italian. When told about his mistake, the Pope said, "No sh**!"
McDonald’s announced that beginning next year, they will start using fresh beef in their Quarter Pounders. Then they said, "as for this year, good luck."
New video has surfaced of Arnold Schwarzenegger at a public event in 2001, saying that his housekeeper does "an incredible job." One clue might have been that Schwarzenegger then added, "And she's also a good housekeeper."
Analysts say that for Bernie Sanders to win he needs college students to show up at the polls. Which explains Sanders' new campaign slogan: "I’ve Got Pizza!"
Last night during the debate, Jeb Bush admitted he smoked pot in high school. Then Jeb assured people that now that he lives in Florida he only does meth.
In Illinois, it's being reported that a woman took her five-year-old son with her on a bank robbery.  Apparently, she told the teller, "Give me all your money, or I'm leaving my five year old."
A new financial app from JP Morgan can now do in seconds what it once took Wall Street financiers 360,000 hours to accomplish. That’s right, the app wrecks the global economy.
Kim Kardashian's personal trainer says she's working out hard for her wedding and that, "There's no quit in Kim."  The trainer then said, "That is, unless, there's an LA Laker whose name is ‘Quit.'"
There’s a new version of the Bible that has updated language that's coming out. For example, it refers to Jesus' disciples as "wingmen."
In France, a robot has been programmed to develop its own taste in art. The robot’s favorite paintings? - naked robots.
Jay-Z's song, which features his crying newborn daughter, has hit the Billboard chart, making her the youngest person to ever appear on the chart.  That is, of course, if you don't count platinum-selling rapper "DJ Zygote."
At pro golfing's "Players' Championship," Tiger Woods pulled out after only a few holes because of an injury that made him limp.  The story was reported in the "Journal of Irresistible Double Entendres."
In Austin, Texas, a brawl broke out involving 17 strippers.  So, regardless of what happens tomorrow, America is still the greatest country on earth.
Nicki Minaj spelled backwards sounds like the name of a cool, Swedish actor: Janim Ikcin. Was that worth it? I think so.
If you see only one hilarious movie about wacky bridesmaids this week, make it “Thor.”
Sunday is Father’s Day and the Trump kids are planning to give their father a tie. It’ll be the first time in a while that Trump has a tie that’s not linked to Russia.
Students at a Detroit high school sent a YouTube video invitation to the Pope asking him to visit their school. They want to see if the Pope can visit Detroit and still believe there’s a God.
President Obama has proposed a new tax increase called the "Buffett Rule." At first Newt Gingrich was for it, because he thought it was the "buffet rule."
According to a new poll that just came out, 50% of Republicans say they could support Donald Trump. The other 50% are a group calling themselves "Women."
A team of experts has come to Jerusalem to begin a renovation of Jesus’ burial site. The surprising part is, after the renovation they’re planning to "flip" it. They’re gonna make some quick cash.
The royal wedding between Prince William and Kate Middleton may be filmed in 3D. Experts say this is terrible news for Prince Charles' ears.
People are already describing themselves as being seriously addicted to Pokémon Go. The problem is, when they check into the rehab facility the first thing they see are two Pikachus and a Jigglypuff.
Doctors are trying to figure out what gave a mysterious illness to 170 people who attended a party at the Playboy Mansion. So far – they're leaning towards "the hot-tub."
Actively ignoring the guy in the stall next to mine who keeps asking if I want to "see Baby Groot."
A new report says North Korea’s elite get to enjoy perks like pizzas, pony rides, and dolphin shows. In other words: Kim Jong-Un is running his country like a divorced dad with weekend custody.
An earthquake hit Las Vegas. 1,200 Elvises were all shook up.
Disney has announced a change of policy that will allow its theme park employees to grow goatees.  As a result, the Seven Dwarves are about to get a new member named, "Douchey."
If the government shuts down, federal meat inspections may be delayed. In other words, Taco Bell will not be affected.
The Oxford Dictionary has added the words "YOLO" and "amazeballs." The Oxford Dictionary also announced it will no longer include the word "standards."
Over the weekend, a couple got married on the New York City subway. The couple has asked that instead of gifts, you send Purell.
The new "Grand Theft Auto" came out yesterday and this time it takes place in a city modeled after Los Angeles. Which means you’re still driving around running over gang members, but you’re doing it in a Prius.
The newest rumor is that Bill Clinton has been cheating on his vegan diet. The most damning evidence is a blue dress with a splotch of gravy on it.
Governor Chris Christie says if he is President he will crack down on the sale of marijuana. However, that was before he was told it also comes in a brownie.
A couple was arrested for having sex in Nebraska's History Museum.  The couple later apologized and said, "You know how it is, you start learning about Nebraska and then one thing leads to another."
In recent speeches, President Obama has been calling on Americans to stop being so cynical. He’s probably getting paid to say that.
Sources say Brett Favre has officially filed his retirement papers with the NFL.  He was able to do it quickly by going right to the NFL's "Brett Favre Retirement Window."
A couple in Indiana is in trouble for having sex for 30 minutes in a public pool in front of dozens of witnesses. Who does that? Who has sex for 30 minutes?
True story though, it’s come out that Donald Trump’s grandfather opened a restaurant with a bar and a brothel. The name of the place was "Trump’s Pump & Hump."
Anthony Weiner’s not worried he's in 4th place.  Weiner said, “Polls don’t mean anything.  It’s up to the people of New York.”  Then someone explained that the polls are the actual opinions of the people of New York.
Senate Republicans are trying to pass legislation that would make it legal for mentally ill people to buy guns. Republicans said "mentally ill people have a right to one gun for each of the voices in their head."
At the Grammys last night, Madonna appeared on stage dressed as a matador. That’s right, Madonna and matadors, two things that were big in the last century.
Police in New York are reporting that any individual who enters with a large backpack may be refused entry to Zuccotti Park.  In a related story, police have just arrested Dora the Explorer.
A new study finds that frequent marijuana users are less likely to finish high school. They’re also less likely to finish the sentence they’re currently saying.
In a new poll, Americans say if they could only have one child, they'd prefer that child to be a boy.  After hearing about it, Arnold Schwarzenegger offered to help.
Mel Gibson attended the Golden Globes. He was nominated in the category "Most uncomfortable sitting between the Speilbergs and the Weinsteins."
On Monday, 44 Americans who came into contact with a patient with Ebola were released from their quarantine. And they’re all here with us tonight!
According to the latest polls, Herman Cain has moved ahead of Mitt Romney.  Political analysts say this is because Americans don't understand Mormonism but they do understand pizza.
Today is Mardi Gras. Just be warned – I may, at any moment, expose my breasts for beads.
Former Rep. Anthony Weiner, who famously tweeted lewd photos of himself, now says he wants people to give him a second chance. Not in politics but on Instagram.  
Fox News fired Bill O’Reilly. The head of Fox News said, "There’s only one place for an angry old guy that demeans women and that’s the White House."
It’s been reported that Google Glass has pioneered a whole new trend in technology called "wearable tech." Unfortunately, not succeeding in that market so far: The "Blackberry Unitard."
Fireworks safety tip: blow your fingers off this year, before the AHCA passes.
As a lifelong Patriots fan, I hope they win, and as a compulsive gambler, I hope it’s by less than 3 1/2 points.
A Nebraska man was arrested after police found a container of marijuana in his car labelled "Not Weed." The man’s been found not not guilty.
A new study claims 1 in 50 men is unwittingly raising someone else’s child. I was shocked, and so was my son, "Rodrigo Garcia."
It's being reported that Snooki is pregnant. When Rick Santorum heard the news, he immediately came out in favor of birth control.
New research suggests that people are attracted to voices that are similar to their own.  Which is why I’ve always had a thing for dolphins.
A judge has ordered a French magazine to turn over all 200 topless photos of Kate Middleton. The judge says he wants the photos because he's having trouble finding them online.
Recently, NASA has been running tests to see how well Google Glass will work in space. It’s all part of NASA’s plan to put a douchebag on the moon.
They announced the official name of the US military action in Libya and it's called "Odyssey Dawn."  This is the first U.S. military action ever to be named by Crabtree and Evelyn.
This week, President Trump plans to travel to New York. He plans to eat some pizza and then deport the Statue of Liberty.
I’m starting to regret having Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch over for lunch.
The Octomom just filmed her first porn movie.  In fact, it had the only opening bigger than The Avengers.
According to health officials, teenagers have started smoking nutmeg to get high. Man, does this recession suck or what?
According to a recent study, the average length of time that human males engage in sex is two minutes. And that time is even shorter when there’s a partner involved.
In Miley Cyrus’ new concert, she simulates oral sex with a Bill Clinton impersonator When he heard, Bill Clinton said, "You know— I do a pretty good Bill Clinton."
I’m on the Proterozoic Diet - I only eat pre-chordates and metazoans.
"Only one more game. Thank God." - Steph Curry’s mouthguard
According to friends of Donald Trump Jr.'s, back in college, he was a black out drunk. So, he does have a long history of meeting with White Russians.
A new school textbook in North Korea claims Kim Jong-Un learned to drive at the age of three. Apparently the other thing he learned to do at the age of three was cut his own hair.
Am I the only one who realized that "Frozen" was just an allegory for the U.S. leaving the gold standard in 1933?
The creator of the birth control pill has passed away. He leaves behind a wife and two kids he never wanted.
After a video surfaced of Justin Bieber saying, “F Bill Clinton,” Justin Bieber called to apologize to Bill Clinton. No word on when Bieber plans to call everyone who’s ever heard his music.
Last night Lady GaGa dressed up as marijuana plant. Twenty minutes later she realized it was Halloween and ran home and put on a costume.
In the World Cup match today, Uruguay’s Luis Suarez bit a player from Italy's team, and it’s the third time he’s done it. In fact, last time, he bit a Chinese player, then claimed he was hungry an hour later. 
Can’t believe it’s not even Thanksgiving and some people are already putting up their Christmas tweets.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has moved up ten spots in Forbes magazine’s list of richest people. Mostly because he has the credit card numbers of the other 10 people.
As I mentioned before, tonight is Opening Day at Turner Field and get this – Chipper Jones threw out the first pitch.  Not only that, the first 5,000 fans get to have a baby with Chipper Jones.
Pope Benedict has come out with a children's book.  The book is called, "Stay the hell away from Father O'Malley."
At a conference yesterday, George W. Bush said he wishes people would stop referring to his tax policy as "the Bush tax cuts." He also wishes people would stop referring to his Presidency as "the 8 year oopsie."
In Mexico, the world’s heaviest man, who weighs almost 1,000 pounds, is preparing for surgery. The man said, "After years of being unhappy with my appearance, I’m finally getting that nose job."
A new study finds that the most STDs in America occur in the South. Which explains that popular saying, "Woo-Wee, I got herpes!"
He's going to be okay, but in a Glasgow movie theater showing "Fifty Shades of Grey," a man was attacked by three rowdy women. The police handcuffed the women, so their plan worked perfectly.
The new Republican Party platform calls for a crackdown on porn. The Republicans say they'll start the porn crackdown right after they check out of their Tampa hotels with unlimited pay per-view .
A Denny’s in New York City offers a $300 Grand Slam combo which includes a bottle of Dom Perignon. Then again, if you find yourself spending $300 at Denny’s, the last thing you need is more alcohol.
There are rumors that Ted Cruz has had affairs with up to eight different women. Ted Cruz refuses to answer questions about the scandal but he is accepting high fives.
Three people have won the Mega Millions lottery.  You know what that means: three more votes for Mitt Romney.
A marijuana advocacy group is placing five pro-marijuana billboards around the stadium where the Super Bowl is being played. Well, they were planning to, but then it just felt like so much work.
A copy of the upcoming "50 Shades of Grey" sequel has been stolen. Police are describing the suspect as "armed" and "your mom."
A new report claims ISIS has been using American weapons in their fight against the United States. The weapons include tanks, rifles, and Donald Trump.
Oprah Winfrey says that when she was looking for advice on how to approach her half-sister, she consulted Dr. Phil. Unfortunately, Dr. Phil wasn't very much help – because he's a big dumb fraud.
Today, the Boy Scouts of America reaffirmed its ban on gays. A spokesman for the Scouts said, "There's a right way and a wrong way to rub two sticks together."
According to Hillary Clinton’s newly-released medical records, she suffers from seasonal allergies. But she just takes some Benadryl and they’re all deleted.
Miley Cyrus got a new tattoo of her grandmother. If there’s one thing guys love, it's getting you naked and seeing a picture of your grandmother.
A new study finds coffee drinkers are 50% less likely to commit suicide. Just wait until the debut of Starbucks’ new “Sylvia Plathaccino.”
A farm in Washington is raising marijuana-fed pigs. You know when a pig’s been raised on marijuana because it’s always craving bacon.
A group of Florida grandmothers posed nude for a calendar to help raise money for charity.  The charity was the "Wish We Were Blind" society. 
A store in New York has a service that allows customers to scan their penis and then print out a 3D replica.  My question is — do they do enlargements? 
One of the big winners at last night's Emmys was "The People v. O.J. Simpson." I gotta say, there’s nothing better than checking out the news and hearing, "It was a great night for O.J.!"
The Mormon Church has picked a new leader and he’s 93 years old. Which is why they’re getting together on Friday to pick another new leader.
Osama bin Laden’s will has come out, and in the will he says he wanted most of his $29 million fortune to be used "on jihad." And $5 million goes to his Siamese cat, Mr. Peepers.
In an interview to promote "Kourtney and Kim Take Miami,"  Kim Kardashian says Kanye West taught her the importance of privacy. For more on Kim and privacy, be sure to watch E! this Sunday, at 9 PM Eastern.  
At a concert this weekend, Kanye West said that people look at him like he's Hitler.  However, historians point out that at least Hitler occasionally stopped talking.
A California woman is suing Justin Bieber because she claims that he is the father of her three-month-old lovechild.  People who've seen the baby say he looks exactly like Justin, except older.
In New York, a 16-year-old chef has opened his first restaurant. The restaurant will be closed Christmas, New Year’s, and the day of the SATs.
A New York City pedicab driver is being investigated for charging Japenese tourists $720 for a 20 minute bike ride.  He’s been charged with impersonating a regular cab driver.
The wife of the governor of Florida has apologized after she read a story to 5th graders about prostitutes, drug addicts, and porno theaters. And a very special friendship between a spider and a pig.
According to a new report, the world's 7th billionth person is expected to be born in India at the end of October.  And he's expected to look a lot like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Analysts are now saying that Hillary Clinton lacks a clear message. In response, Hillary Clinton debuted her new message, "I’m not Donald Trump."
"American Idol" producers are saying when the show returns next week with two new celebrity judges, there will be less put-downs and more support for the contestants. In other words, this will be the last season of "American Idol."
Health officials say there’s a new trend of women using marijuana during their pregnancy. This has given rise to another new trend - babies choosing to just stay in the womb and chill.
It’s being reported that a King in Cameroon has 100 wives. Think about it - He has to wait for one hundred women to fall asleep before he can go on the computer.
Jamaica is reportedly close to passing a measure that would legalize marijuana. Political analysts are calling it a "bold move that could change nothing."
Dallas Cowboy Orlando Scandrick tested positive for ecstasy, and today, he was suspended for four games. Scandrick said he’s not upset because… he’s on ecstasy. 
Today NBC apologized for rapper MIA giving the middle finger during the halftime show and NBC called the gesture "obscene" and "inappropriate." Then NBC said, "Now stay tuned for ‘Fear Factor' where a contestant eats a monkey's ass."
The governor of Arizona has vetoed the state’s anti-gay law. The governor said she wants to make it clear that gays are welcome in her state–as long as they’re not Mexican.
Historical fact: the term "baker's dozen" comes from 1692 Salem, where townsfolk unfamiliar with yeast burned 13 bakers at the stake.
They're saying Donald Trump will make an announcement about his intentions on running for President on the season finale of "Celebrity Apprentice."  Not to be out done, the same night the Cake Boss will reveal his plan to overhaul Medicare.
Everyone's OK, but last Friday, Dr. Phil hit a skateboarder with his car. Dr. Phil was overheard yelling, "Quick, somebody, get a real doctor."
In San Diego, Hooters restaurants are refusing to serve Mayor Filner because they say he is disrespectful to women in his office. The CEO said, “There’s a time and place to be disrespectful to women, and that’s at a Hooters.”
During a speech to African leaders today, President Trump accidentally made up the nation of "Nambia." Even worse, he promised to help Nambia in their war with Narnia.
The FAA has suspended an air traffic controller for watching a movie while on the job. When asked why he was watching a movie, the air traffic controller said, "I just couldn't sleep."
The Spurs beat the Heat in Game 3 of the NBA Finals.  People in LA said, "That’s nice but this week we’re a 'hockey town.'"
Khloe Kardashian’s ex-husband, Lamar Odom, has been cut from the New York Knicks. It’s the second time this year Lamar has gotten dumped by a big loser.  
According to a recent survey, the most hated emoticon is the smiley face with his tongue sticking out.  What most people don't realize is that he's not making fun of you – he's just having a seizure.
Today, Charlie Sheen showed up at an LA courthouse for jury duty. Out of habit, Sheen pled not guilty.
I like to tell my wife, "Let’s make our own fireworks," then hand her a bunch of toilet paper rolls and gunpowder.
Apple is exploring ways to turn Siri into people’s personal therapist. In fact, this morning when I asked Siri for today’s weather she said, "Stop trying to replace your father."
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said worrying about NSA surveillance is, "baloney." Then he apologized, saying he thought the question was, "What is currently in your mouth?"
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner has been accused of sexual harassment by 14 women, and now a hotline has been established to take any new sexual harassment claims. The number is 1-800-How-Is-This-Guy-Still-Mayor?  
This weekend "Spider-Man 2" earned $92 million at the box office. That makes it the fourth most successful "Spider-Man 2."   
Jeopardy host Alex Trebek set the Guinness World Record for hosting the most episodes of a game show ever. Trebek responded to the news by saying, "What is 'Eat me, Sajak?'"
Happy Mardi Gras.  Here's the deal tonight: You throw me some beads, and I'll promise NOT to show you my chest.
Members of an internet group called "Lesbians Who Look Like Justin Bieber," are upset that Justin Bieber cut his hair. I'd just like to take a moment to assure all the members of "Lesbians Who Look Like Conan O'Brien" that my hair isn't going anywhere.
 A recent study reveals women prefer a penis that is proportional to body size. Another study says, most women define "proportional," as "way bigger."
Police in Pennsylvania are looking for a woman who performed oral sex on a man at a McDonald’s. In fact, every man in Pennsylvania is looking for her.
This Thanksgiving, for the first time ever, the Butterball Turkey Talk Line for cooking advice is going to have male operators. The males will be the operators who tell you to just order take-out.
Just read that Facebook has reached 500 million users. Congrats to everyone who helped create history's largest stalker/pedophile buffet.
Pink, Lady Gaga, & Katy Perry have all been nominated for a new MTV Video Music Award, "Best Music Video with a Message."  Pink's message is "Girl Power," Lady Gaga's message is "Be yourself," and Katy Perry's message is, "My Breasts are Made of Candy."
In honor of Black History Month, Trump tried to have dinner with Jack Black.
KFC has just introduced the new Cheesy Bacon Bowl, which is filled with mashed potatoes, cheese, gravy, chicken, and bacon. The Bowl sells for $3.99, contains 700 calories, and is now the Republican frontrunner for President.
Technology companies like Google, Twitter and AOL are asking the government to limit its surveillance. Actually, Google and Twitter are mad, AOL’s just happy that somebody is looking at them. 
When asked about legalizing marijuana, Chris Christie said, "Get high now, because when I’m president it’s over." If Chis Christie thinks he’s going to be president - he may be high.
Over the weekend, Los Angeles experienced a massive heat wave. Some people were so desperate for air conditioning, they actually went to see the new "Transformers" movie.
Most people don’t know that the "S" in Harry S. Truman stood for "Sharktopus."
Last night, President Trump’s tax return from 2005 was released, showing that he had an income of more than $150 million. When they heard this, Trump supporters said, "$150 million? See, he IS one of us!"
Arnold Schwarzenegger is back home in Austria.  Arnold is staying at his summer house on his summer housekeeper.
The hand model in commercials who squeezes lemon juice on breaded shrimp? That’s a sweet gig.
Hurricane Isaac has shortened the Republican National Convention by a day. Delegates are relieved because now that means only three days of having to be fake-excited about Mitt Romney. 
Taco Bell is trying to take on McDonald's in the breakfast market by offering a "Waffle Taco." Taco Bell said they're trying to capture that very narrow market—stoners who get up early in the morning.
President Obama shook hands with Cuban dictator Raul Castro. Or as Fox News reported it, "Foreign Communist shakes hands with the Leader of Cuba."
In Iowa, blind people are now eligible to receive a gun permit. Blind people say it’s time they had the chance to express themselves with something other than jazz.
As you all know, Sean Penn recently interviewed El Chapo. Not to be outdone, Keanu Reeves now wants to interview El Niño.
Mitt Romney said Secret Service personnel involved in the scandal should be fired for putting "play time" ahead of the nation. I think the real story here is that Mitt Romney describes prostitutes and cocaine as "play time."
During a speech in Iowa, Sarah Palin said, "The man can only ride ya when your back is bent. So strengthen it. Then the man can’t ride ya." Then she debuted her new campaign slogan, "I’m Batshit Crazy."
Russia has banned any images of Vladimir Putin photoshopped to make it look like he's in drag. Authorities in Russia said, "'Putin shirtless on a horse' is plenty gay enough."
I don’t take my career for granted, which is why every April I renew my commercial crab fisherman’s license.
Sorry you didn’t win Best Picture, "Mad Max: Fury Road," but if Trump wins the election, you can re-submit for "Best Documentary."
Sure, the Silver Surfer is a cool comic book character, but I prefer the Pewter Boogie Boarder.
A company is developing drones that can be used to pick up and deliver items to customers. So, if you see a drone coming, someone in the area has either joined Al Qaeda or Netflix.
President Obama said he wants his daughters to work minimum wage jobs because it builds character. The President then announced he’ll be raising the minimum wage to $50 an hour.
Worst pick up line for this time of year: "Want to see my final four?"
Simon Cowell is going to be a Dad.  Today, Cowell saw the ultrasound and called the fetus “unpolished and totally lacking in charisma.”
Whatever we think the future will be, let’s all agree right now to never wear those tight silvery unitards.
A school that Donald Trump started is being sued for fraud.  Apparently, it's a barber college.
New study out of Britain, According to a new study, one in three men can't see their penis because their bellies are too big. So that's my problem—my belly is too big.
You know that button in the elevator with a fireman’s hat on it? Turns out that’s NOT the button you push to order a fireman’s hat.
It just came out that Toronto Mayor Rob Ford spent St. Patrick's Day snorting cocaine with a prostitute.  As an Irish person, I'm offended – St. Patrick's Day is for drinking beer with a prostitute.
When they aired the Oscars in Iran, the Iranian government digitally added sleeves to Michelle Obama's gown. They also altered the video so that Jennifer Lawrence is now deliberately tripped by the Israelis.
Paparazzi are the worst. Sometimes I give them the exact time and address, and they’re still late.
NBC is airing a series about the Biblical events following the crucifixion of Jesus. I think they might be stretching the story for ratings, because it’s called "Jesus 2: Payback Time."
In Japan, a new model of robot named Pepper that can sing, dance and tell jokes sold out in just one minute. Which can only mean one thing - you can also have sex with it.
NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden’s girlfriend is a pole-dancer.  I guess that settles the debate over whether or not he’s a hero.
One of Uber’s self-driving cars crashed in Arizona. Evidently, the car couldn’t stand to hear one more passenger say, "But it’s a dry heat."
President Obama did have lunch at the White House with Mitt Romney.  There was an awkward moment when Romney looked around and said, "So, how much do you want for the place?"
It has come out that a top Russian official recently met with Pamela Anderson. The Russian official said it was an honor to meet someone who’s posed for more topless photos than Vladimir Putin.
A recent study shows that smoking marijuana can help eliminate diarrhea.  The finding was called "significant" by doctors and a "win-win" by Taco Bell.
The dog whisperer, Cesar Millán, is getting a divorce.  Apparently, his wife caught him whispering in their dog's ear, "Guess what—you're not the only bitch in this house."
It’s rumored that Donald Trump’s tax returns were leaked by one of Trump’s ex-wives. In other words, it could be anybody.
Justin Bieber has been charged with assaulting his Toronto limo driver. The driver is reportedly suffering from minor injuries, and being the laughingstock of the Toronto limo industry.
My plan to defeat ISIS? Get them to eat at Chipotle.
McDonald’s is starting to introduce kale into their salads. McDonald’s customers heard this and asked "What’s kale and what’s a salad?"
A new racy photo of a shirtless Rick Santorum lounging in a pool is circulating on the Internet. Ironically, the photo has proven to be a very effective form of birth control.
The US Army has officially lifted its ban on soldiers having dreadlocks. This is good news for the Army’s elite Hackysack Corps.
In North Carolina, an obese man was caught hiding 40 bags of heroin in the folds of his stomach.  Something tells me he’s not on heroin.
I had to suspend Andy for 4 shows for knowingly deflating my hair.
The Olympics start airing tonight on NBC. That's right—NBC has the Olympics. It's a big deal. NBC will finally get to show somebody who's okay with passing the torch.
After attacking President Obama’s foreign policy, Hillary Clinton now says she wants to "hug it out." When he heard this, Bill Clinton told the President, "Take it from me, you’re not going to get any more than that."
Yesterday in New York City, Bill Clinton held a press conference about urban renewal – and he discussed how Times Square is no longer full of hookers. Then Clinton lowered his head and called for a moment of silence.
Israeli scientists discovered a method for breeding tomatoes that are red on the inside, but black on the outside.  Afterwards, the government of Israel said, "Well, that wraps up the very last of our problems!"
The ex-governor of Rhode Island is running for president. You know what they say, "As Rhode Island goes so goes one county in Connecticut."
The FDA ruled that trans fats, the main ingredient in junk food, have to be off the shelves within three years. Great, just as they’re legalizing marijuana, they’re destroying junk food.
While taping an episode of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" at the San Francisco Giants’ baseball park, Kanye West proposed to Kim Kardashian via the Jumbotron. The title of the episode is going to be, "Please Respect Our Privacy."
In India, a doctor became the second person in the world to perform surgery while wearing Google Glass. And his patient became the first person to die because his doctor was wearing Google Glass.
This holiday season, there is a smart phone app that will tell you how drunk you are. Even better, the app tells you where your pants are and why Brenda left you.
FUN FACT: Each new member of One Direction is grown humanely at Direction Labs facilities, using only the finest polymer-based additives.
In Thailand, a man has been sentenced to 25 years in jail for insulting the king on Facebook. This does not bode well for next year’s Comedy Central Roast of the King of Thailand.
The shutdown could cost the American economy 300 million dollars a day. To put that in perspective—it’d be like if every day the economy released a new "Lone Ranger" movie.
One Direction announced that they are breaking up. Teenage girls threw tantrums, they slammed doors, and then they heard about the breakup.
Two large properties associated with Donald Trump have decided to disassociate from him. One is the Trump Soho hotel, and the other is the Kremlin.
While speaking at an evangelical university, Donald Trump praised the Bible, saying "There’s nothing like it." Of course, Trump changed his mind the minute he found out the book is full of middle easterners.
In Oregon, a woman wearing a string bikini was kicked out of Wal-Mart. But let's face it, the real story here is that a woman who shops at Wal-Mart is able to fit into a string bikini.
For the first time, Viagra ads are now targeting women. But the women aren’t too happy with Viagra’s new slogan, "Maybe It’s You."
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Anyway, I think you fractured my clavicle and I am going to sue.
There's a new brand of cereal designed to increase sexual stamina. It's called "Honey Nut Cheri-Ohhhhhs."
Herman Cain's fourth female accuser held a news conference today where she claimed he offered her a job in exchange for sexual favors. Say what you want about the guy—at least he's got a plan to put people back to work.
Yesterday President Obama helped make sandwiches for the homeless at a soup kitchen.  And by homeless, I mean people who work for the Federal Government.
The lines are long for Six Flags' new ride, "The Market Lately."
According to a new study, people with type 2 diabetes can reverse their condition with proper diet and lots of exercise. So, in other words, America is still no closer to a cure for Type 2 diabetes.
NBC has apologized for editing out the words "under God" from the Pledge of Allegiance during its coverage of the U.S. Open.  NBC says it's also sorry about having Brian William signoff from the Nightly News with, "Hail Satan."
Leonardo DiCaprio left his girlfriend at home so that he could take his mother to the Golden Globes. Then, at the Golden Globes, he dumped his mother for a younger, hotter mom. 
A couple from Florida has set a record by taking their 200th Carnival Cruise. The couple said "What can we say, we love diarrhea."
Today, Senator Rand Paul, a big favorite among the Tea Party, suggested he may run for President in 2016. Although his first choice would be to run for President in 1954.
Herman Cain said that, of his rivals, he has the greatest admiration for Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich. The former pizza executive said he respects Mitt Romney as a businessman and Newt Gingrich as a customer.
Barbara Walters is resurrecting her popular annual TV special, "The 10 Most Fascinating" people. But you can tell she’s starting to get up there, because she also has a new special called, "10 Meanest Nurses Who Are Stealing From Me!"
Amazon.com's Kindle 3 was released yesterday. I read about it on my iPad.
It was reported that this Halloween, the top costume is going to be Miley Cyrus. Just a warning – I’m not giving any candy to a kid who says, "Trick or Twerk."
In Japan, a 19th century novelist is being recreated as a robot and will be programmed to give lectures. The Japanese students say they can’t wait to have sex with it.
Donald Trump denies he is just pretending to talk about running for president in order to generate publicity for his TV show. Trump says, "Anyone who makes that accusation is clearly an ‘Apprentice,' and deserves to be ‘fired' on a Thursday at 9."
Still no listeners for my new podcast about all my favorite podcasts.
Yesterday in Florida, President Obama visited a pizzeria, where the owner gave the President a bear hug and lifted him off his feet.  Everybody shared a good laugh and then the Secret Service shot the man in the face. 
The US rate of interracial marriages is at an all-time high.  I know from experience because my wife is white and I'm super white.
At Boston University, many people are complaining about a new website where students can log on and rank other students in terms of "hotness."  Many of the complaints come from a woman who is at most a "3."
The Dalai Lama is saying that China trained a woman to assassinate him by putting poison in her hair.  Luckily, the Dalai Lama had just recently stopped eating hair.
A sex toy company is creating a new product inspired by "Game of Thrones." Their motto is, "Why should winter be the only thing coming?"
The co-founder of Google and his wife have split up.  When asked why, he said, "Search me."
As result of a new law requiring condoms the porn industry may move out of Los Angeles according to porn star James Deen.  Now just to clarify, Jimmy Dean is the sausage guy, James Deen is the other sausage guy.
The rapper Nas has just received a prestigious fellowship from Harvard University. Nas is being honored for his groundbreaking theory that “bros” must always precede “hos.”
All NFL teams have received a newsletter informing them about the dangers of Ebola. Meanwhile, Ebola has received a letter about the dangers of the NFL.
The New England Patriots were beaten by the Philadelphia Eagles 41-33. Eagles fans started fires and punched police horses, and then they sat down to watch the Super Bowl.
In Los Angeles, a former KFC has been turned into a medical marijuana clinic.  And guess what – it's all the same customers. 
Yesterday a man who snuck into an unlocked door of the White House appeared in federal court. He’s being charged with being the first person to sneak into the White House since Bill Clinton did it every Sunday morning for eight years.
President Obama has suggested the idea of making voting mandatory for all Americans. Then Obama watched two minutes of "Duck Dynasty" and said, "Scratch that."
Minnesota's Mall of America has hired its first-ever black Santa Claus. Which sounds like a big deal until you realize that in Minnesota, I’m considered black.
The Taliban’s new leader is said to be "low-key." Which explains the Taliban’s new video, "Death to Whatevs!"
According to a new survey that just came out, Pizza Hut's new "Hot Dog Pizza" is the second worst pizza in America. Which explains their new slogan, "Pizza Hut - Not The Worst Pizza in America."
Congress voted to allow your internet provider to sell your browser history. Long story short, goodbye sweet internet.
Tonight we have the cast of "Orange Is the New Black." Coincidentally, "Orange Is the New Black" was the pick-up line I used in college.
The DEA raided several NFL teams suspected of giving prescription painkillers to their players. In his defense, the New York Jets doctor said, "We don’t give painkillers to our players, we give them to our fans."
According to a new study, watching porn may "shut down" part of your brain. Specifically the part that tells you, "You're at work and you should pull up your pants."
Leonardo DiCaprio apologized to Lady Gaga for having a scared look on his face when she walked by him at the Golden Globes. He said, "I always make that face when a woman over the age of 22 is near me."
A new study says that you can tell if man is gay by how much his pupils dilate when he sees an image of a naked man. Also by whether or not he shouts "Me likey!"
Hey can someone send me an Oculus Rift VR headset? I finally want to try parasailing.
I read that a record number of Americans are expected to travel this 4th of July.  And if Trump wins the presidency, twice as many Americans are expected to travel this 4th of November.
In Croatia at an animal sanctuary, two bears have been engaging in oral sex.  Zookeepers got them to stop by making the bears get married.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister of Ireland made President Obama an honorary Irishman. As a result, President Obama awoke this morning with a hangover and a job at the fire department.
Dr. Nancy Snyderman, the NBC News medical correspondent who was exposed to Ebola and then broke quarantine, has returned to work. The good news - nobody's going to be messing with her food in the break room fridge.
A United Nations commission has called for the worldwide legalization of prostitution.  This idea is getting a lot of support from the global humanitarian group, "Pimps Without Borders."
Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak said, "I'd resign, but Egypt would descend into chaos."  Then he said, "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go look out a window for the first time in two weeks."
According to new research, most women are happy with the size of their man's penis.  The study was conducted with their man still in the room.
Los Angeles is being hit by some seriously strong winds.  I'm just curious, how many people are only here because they were in line for "Two and a Half Men" and then got blown into this studio?
Toyota has recalled over 200,000 Priuses. Apparently, there was a problem with the engine that prevented the drivers from acting smug.
Taco Bell has a new Super Bowl deal where people can order a mystery food item. Today, the CEO of Arby's said, "Hey, we’ve been giving out mystery food since day one."
The White House has announced that America will accept 110,000 refugees next year.  Meanwhile, Canada announced if Trump wins they’ll accept 110 million refugees.
Recently, Rick Perry distanced himself from George W. Bush by saying, "I went to Texas A&M. He went to Yale." In other words, Rick Perry's idea of instilling confidence is to say, "Don't worry, I'm not as smart as George W. Bush."
At a One Direction concert in Scotland, a fan threw a shoe that hit Harry Styles in the crotch.  Then, for the rest of the concert, he sang with a man's voice.
Bill Gates is trying to develop clean drinking water made from human waste. The last time someone tried to make something drinkable from human waste we ended up with Sunny D.
The Pentagon is reportedly considering nuclear retaliation as a response to cyber attacks by hackers. The biggest challenge is building missiles that can penetrate a mother’s basement.
Charlie Sheen is doing a 21-city comedy tour. Being a mentally unstable out of work TV star on tour was my idea.
A new study just came out and it found that after a few months of Donald Trump, most Americans now have a favorable view of President George W. Bush. When reached for comment, the ghost of Richard Nixon said, "Here I come, baby."
Two naval officers have been accused of bribery that involves vacations, drugs and Lady Gaga tickets.  In other words, gays in the military is working out just fine.
Starbucks announced plans to open a line of juice bars.  Starbucks said they would've done this years ago, but it took them a while to figure out how to burn orange juice.
I’ve won Fantasy Football by never ever playing it.
There’s a new trend of people sending pictures of their genitalia to their doctor. I just want to say, in my defense, I didn’t know that woman was a doctor.
The state of California is allowing supporters of marijuana legalization to try and put it on the ballot.  Now the only obstacle left for the pot supporters is "to remember to put it on the ballot."
There is a new trend across the country of penis rings. No, not jewelry, gangs of penises that get together to commit crimes.
According to a new study that just came out, older men who frequently use a sauna are less likely to develop dementia. Which is too bad, because if you’re spending that much time looking at old naked guys, there’s probably a lot you’d want to forget.
After months of negotiations, the government has finally told cable giant Comcast that they may purchase NBC.  I just have one thing to say: Keep your receipt.
"Guns N' Roses" singer Axl Rose is demanding that Google take down several images that depict him as fat. Axl is particularly hurt because all the photos were taken by Google Earth.
Remember when all we had to worry about was Ebola? Good times.
In Virginia, parents at an elementary school are angry that a plastic surgeon brought breast implants to "Career Day."  They're even more upset that their children now think getting a "D" is a good thing.
Just learned that Spotify can’t turn people into dogs.
In an interview, rapper Ice T called Secretary of State Hillary Clinton a "G," meaning gangster.  Ice says he likes Clinton's policy of "Broad consensus on international problems… before Ho's."
2016 Trump/Newt sounds like a car that’s about to be recalled.
Developers in Kentucky plan on opening a creationist theme park.  When asked what the creationist theme park will look like, developers said, "It's still evolving."
Today, Oprah Winfrey announced that she has found her half-sister who was given up for adoption as child.  Then, so no one felt left out, Oprah Winfrey gave everyone in the audience their own half- sister.
The sign language interpreter at Nelson Mandela’s memorial who faked his translations now says he hallucinates, sees angels, and is sometimes violent. In a related story, next week he starts as Gary Busey’s life coach.
In a new report on fast food restaurants, McDonald’s ranks lowest in customer satisfaction. When reached for comment, a spokesman for McDonald’s went to get his manager and never came back.
Big Olympic news: The IOC said they may consider including pole dancing, poker, and foosball in the next Olympics Games. They also said it’s the first Olympics that will be held in a frat house basement.
One problem our military is encountering in Libya is that they can't tell pro- and anti-Gaddafi forces apart.  So the UN has just passed a resolution that the war be conducted as "Shirts vs. Skins."
A new report says that an increasing number of medical students are paying off their med school loans with prostitution.  Which explains why during my last physical, my doctor was also naked.
A new study of online dating profiles says that men have success when they use the phrase "physically fit." And women have success when they use the phrase, "I'm a woman."
While campaigning in Wisconsin, Ted Cruz refused to wear the traditional Wisconsin "Cheesehead." Ted Cruz said the Cheesehead would compromise the dignity that he one day hopes to have.
According to the ancient Mayan Calendar, this year Txlaquatl falls on a Mxipoltec.
Justin Bieber says he has three or four albums he hasn’t released yet. Bieber says "you have until midnight to meet my demands."
The FBI debuted its new facial recognition software which will archive the faces of tens of millions of Americans every day. This groundbreaking, amazing new software is called Facebook.
At a town hall meeting in New Hampshire, an 8 year old boy asked Mitt Romney to explain his views on abortion.  Mitt says he didn't believe in abortion, except in the cases of rape, incest, and kids who ask really annoying questions.
Today is Cyber Monday, when everyone shops online.  As soon as I woke up this morning, I went to Walmart.com and pepper sprayed myself.
The creator of the Super Soaker has been awarded $73 million in unpaid royalties from Hasbro. He had the choice of being paid in increments or having all $73 million shot into his face.
Two parents are weaning their kids off technology by banning anything invented after 1986. Mostly the kids stick to wholesome activities from '86 like Rubik’s Cube, aerobics, and cocaine.
The Summer Olympics are in Brazil this year, and some of it will be filmed in virtual reality. The technology is so realistic, you can contract the Zika virus from your living room.
YouTube is introducing a service that’s going to let users all skip the ads. I’ll tell you all about it after we have a little chat about Geico.
It's come out that the new Republican health care bill will hike premiums by 700% for the old and sick. It’s not a good sign that the title of the bill is "Walk It Off, Grandpa."
Sarah Palin is in Iowa today to attend a screening of a documentary about her called The Undefeated. Critics describe "The Undefeated" as a heartwarming tale about a woman who has forgotten that—in her last election—she was defeated.
Prince William and Kate Middleton, who are in the United States, went to a Nets game and met Jay-Z. Jay-Z ignored etiquette rules and put his hand on Prince William’s arm. Long story short, we are now at war with Britain.
Tonight's events at the Democratic Convention included a speech by Michelle Obama. Of course, everyone's favorite moment was when the First Lady told Ann Romney to, "bring it, bitch."
After being caught dropping F-bombs on camera, NFL quarterback Tom Brady has been named the Boston Globe's Poor Sport of the Week. Because if there’s one thing Boston will not stand for, it’s swearing at a sporting event.
Pizza Hut is coming out with a new pizza that comes with a crust stuffed with hot dogs. And earlier today, Taco Bell surrendered.
Washington, D.C. voted to decriminalize marijuana. We’re already seeing the effects—at the Lincoln memorial, the statue of Lincoln is now sitting on a bean bag chair.
A new study found that herpes may lead to memory loss. Which is too bad because the only upside to having herpes is fondly remembering how you got it. 
During his speech on Super Tuesday, Bernie Sanders said "I am so proud to bring Vermont values all across this country." Then Sanders said, "Now who wants to go antiquing?"
Here in California over the weekend, a woman gave birth in a Barnes & Noble. Apparently, she did this in the "new releases" section.
With all this negative attention on Herman Cain right now, I’ll bet Little Caesar is grabbing boobs like there’s no tomorrow.
Ryan Lochte and former Governor Rick Perry will appear on this season’s "Dancing with the Stars." The theme of this season is "Dumb."
The LAPD asked me to warn you to avoid the 405 Freeway on July 16 & 17, or else the red light photo of me driving in a satin slip goes viral.
President Obama cancelled the Halloween party at the White House.  Obama canceled after hearing Joe Biden was coming as "Slutty Joe Biden."
Some news outlets are saying that the first person to tweet about Bin Laden's death was Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.  Apparently, Special Forces said, "Before we call the President, we should call ‘The Rock.'"
The new ad for Men’s Wearhouse no longer features the famous catch phrase, “You're going to like the way you look. I guarantee it.” Now it says, “Quit bitching- you just bought a suit at a warehouse.”
I still think those North Korean hackers are hiding in a RadioShack in Toledo.
Over the weekend, President Obama played golf with Tiger Woods but afterwards, Obama wouldn't say who won. In a related story, Tiger Woods beat the President at golf.
A California mom is being sued because her son told everyone at school that Santa Claus isn’t real. What makes this story even worse is that her son goes to UCLA.
President Trump broke with tradition and spent Martin Luther King Jr. Day playing golf instead of performing a community service. However many people say that any time Donald Trump's not in the White House, he’s performing a community service.
California may force the city of Beverly Hills to cut its water use by up to 35%. So yet another tough break for Beverly Hills farmers.
Starbucks has come out with a new Frappuccino that’s named after Pokémon Go. They’re saying it has "the taste of something you lost interest in around September."
I'm a compromise conspiracy theorist. I believe Neil Armstrong walked on the moon and Buzz Aldrin didn't.
Well Chanukah begins this Saturday – Chanukah is of course The Jewish Holiday that lasts for 8 different spellings.
Instagram has decided to allow pictures of breastfeeding. The decision is being called exciting news by mothers and creeps.
According to political analysts, Hillary Clinton is now trying to make herself seem more relatable to the average person. So today, she spent the day criticizing Hillary Clinton.
IKEA is facing another food scandal.  I was so outraged that yesterday, I cancelled my reservations at Ikea and instead took my family to dinner at the Pottery Barn.
I hope the new "Scooby-Doo" reboot is a dark, gritty exploration of Scooby's homicidal anger towards Scrappy-Doo.
500-year old lingerie has been found in a castle in Austria.  Then today, it was returned to Barbara Walters.
Some people are saying that Bill O’Reilly exaggerated his war experience in the 1980's. People became suspicious because O’Reilly says he was injured in the east coast-west coast "rap wars."
An investment group headed by Magic Johnson has reached a deal to buy the LA Dodgers.  Magic said he won't make any major changes other than the Dodgers will now play basketball.
After a massive storm, ranchers in Texas are now looking for their lost cattle on Facebook. Surprisingly, they found six of them on Grindr.
A petition is circulating to revoke Caitlyn Jenner’s 1976 Olympic gold medal. The petition was started by the guy who got the silver medal.
He's doing fine, but this morning Tom Brokaw had to be taken to the hospital after accidently taking an Ambien. And tonight, he was taken to the hospital again after accidently listening to a speech by Joe Biden.
former versace store clerk sues over secret 'black code' for minority shoppers
the 'roseanne' revival catches up to our thorny political mood, for better and worse
mom starting to fear son's web series closest thing she will have to grandchild
boehner just wants wife to listen, not come up with alternative debt-reduction ideas
j.k. rowling wishes snape happy birthday in the most magical way
advancing the world's women
the fascinating case for eating lab-grown meat
this ceo will send your kids to school, if you work for his company
top snake handler leaves sinking huckabee campaign
friday's morning email: inside trump's presser for the ages
airline passengers tackle man who rushes cockpit in bomb threat
facebook reportedly working on healthcare features and apps
north korea praises trump and urges us voters to reject 'dull hillary'
actually, cnn's jeffrey lord has been 'indefensible' for a while
barcelona holds huge protest in support of refugees
nuclear bomb detonates during rehearsal for 'spider-man' musical
cosby lawyer asks why accusers didn't come forward to be smeared by legal team years ago
stock analysts confused, frightened by boar market
bloomberg's program to build better cities just got bigger
craig hicks indicted
courtroom sketch artist has clear manga influences
trump assures nation that decision for syrian airstrikes came after carefully considering all his passing whims
qatar deporting dutch woman who reported she was drugged and raped
this is why you shouldn't go to the circus
ted cruz hits the panic button: 'we could lose both houses of congress'
why writers must plan to be surprised
obama visits arlington national cemetery to honor veterans
ex-con back behind bar
after careful consideration, bush recommends oil drilling
remembrance is the beginning of the task
allies: islamist motive for killing nemtsov is nonsense
gillian jacobs on what it's like to kiss adam brody
uber vows to repay nyc drivers 'tens of millions' after tax snafu
apple may have poached electric motorcycle company to death
drug-resistant bacteria often lurk in children's, dogs' sandboxes
if you see a muslim at the airport
giant altoid heading toward earth
'moana' sails straight to the top of the box office with massive $81.1 million opening
selig counted money while baseball lost the next generation of fans
robin williams inflicted on holiday moviegoers for eighth straight year
devin nunes vows to 'never' reveal source of surveillance claims
scott used to stop breathing nearly 40 times an hour. this device changed his life
rescuers heroically help beached garbage back into ocean
medics drop soccer player from stretcher; he's ticked
give the gift of play this holiday season
christian bale visits sikh temple victims
spicer denies that ending maternity care guarantee would mean women pay more for health care
'right to live life in complete, stunned horror,' added to constitution
nasa now almost positive mars is rocky
monster undeterred by night-light
diy: sports equipment closet
1 dead, 3 injured in shooting at t.i. concert in nyc
longtime teacher retires without changing a single student's life
donald trump heading for a series of wins in the northeast, polls say
donald trump wouldn't have had the ready cash to self-finance entire campaign — analysis
new 'star wars' film once again disappoints die-hard nien nunb fans
bats shooed out of nation's waterslide tunnels in preparation for summer
mobile news crew reports on own van breaking down
un rights chief calls humanitarian situation in syria 'an outrage'
how to track santa claus' flight around the world this christmas eve
obama has colorado appraised
trouble again in tv's africa
brita unveils new in-throat water filters
report: john grisham slowly but surely climbing list of greatest living american authors
ghost can't make a simple cup of coffee without everyone freaking out
tupperware will never truly recover from red curry leftovers
one of the planet's most powerful forces for change? an adolescent girl
how does draymond green take his game to the next level? by tuning in to the wnba
area woman said 'sorry' 118 times yesterday
ryan lochte apologizes for behavior in rio
north dakota not heard from in 48 hours
4 lessons prison taught me about power and control
sick fucks line up to gape at dead body
what is america's first muslim fraternity really like?
the vicious knot of syria, the untangling process contains solutions in our time
this congressman thinks we can fix the economy by drinking beer
breast implants found to cause problems in laboratory mice
trump orders strikes on syria in retaliation for chemical attack
ceo's funeral a networking dream
year-round schooling: how it would help minority students
90 zen teachers pledge to change culture that fosters abuse
nypd weighs allowing chokeholds following eric garner death
sonny bono foundation prevents at-risk youths from skiing into trees
pope francis reminds the world that caring for the earth is everyone's responsibility
6-year-old cries when told mtm productions kitten dead by now
ex-boyfriend just thought he'd check in and throw entire day off
doctors restore ken burns' full-color vision after removing massive tumor from filmmaker's visual cortex
'gravity' & '12 years a slave' tie at 2014 pga awards
for national coming out day, 150 lgbtq sports people who have come out in the last year
john oliver lays out the most disturbing ways in which trump impacts america
house gop crackdown continues
'i must make sure you have the skills to please my grandson,' says queen elizabeth disrobing before meghan markle
man visiting hometown amazed to find all his childhood insecurities still there
look: world cup star attacked by giant bug
clinton becomes first president to clear 18 feet in pole vault
hunter s. thompson shoots mouth off one last time
inhofe's grand climate conspiracy theory: it's all about barbra streisand
5 questions i wish younger people would stop asking me
albuquerque shooter on the loose; gunman leaves 1 dead, 3 injured
what it's like to lose everything in a flood
demi lovato drops emotional 'nightingale' music vid
miley cyrus and liam hemsworth smooch on nye, and the world notices
jealous gps clearly wants man to back over wife
'parks and rec' star natalie morales comes out as queer
the top italy tours for 2015
kaia gerber, cindy crawford's daughter, lands major fashion campaign
l.a. grants clippers $12 for new nets
james corden roasts david beckham for matching outfits with posh
café adds heartbreaking little lunch menu
mcdonald's says its packaging will be 100 percent green by 2025
kris jenner turned all the way up for drunken valentine's day karaoke
whale regrets eating 290,000 plastic poker chips that fell off container ship
texas ebola patient 'fighting for his life'
'is it too late to audition?' asks perfect actor for role, poking head into room just as producers were giving up hope
robert de niro to turn 58 for movie role
scott pruitt (sort of) answers whether trump believes in climate change
accused father and son urinal thieves flushed out by cops
'just take it slow, and you'll be fine,' drunk driver assures self while speeding away in stolen police car
3 libertarians fuel $7 million super pac in philadelphia's mayoral democratic primary
air force will no longer require 'so help me god' in enlistment oaths
paul newman dies after consuming 51 hard-boiled eggs
yak chews thoughtfully
man worried about drug dealer who's not picking up phone
dad recommends hotel 10 miles away from city you're visiting
explosion fells building outside paris, killing at least 2
the source of donald trump's military expertise finally revealed!
union claims sanders campaign staffers posed as members to influence workers
seattle mayor's accuser in sex-abuse lawsuit comes forward
southern comfort comforts southerner
swedish police featured in film shown by fox news say they were selectively edited
chromat features not 1, but 2 plus-size models on its runway
councilman calls on baltimore rappers to inspire students
10 qualities of your inner spirit
chubby jewish boy dreams of one day being next apatow muse
the only parenting advice i'd dare to give
family chooses different dog than reincarnated grandfather
celebrities celebrate fourth of july with some fun in the sun
international women's day: will "western women save the world"?
michelle phan, youtube's 'beauty bestie,' empowers women from the outside in
caitlyn jenner responds to ricky gervais' golden globes jokes
joy behar responds to michael flynn guilty plea with pure joy
6 things no one tells women about their weight loss journey
fan disappointed to learn l. ron hubbard scientologist
marriage breaks up over procreative differences
ne-yo helps to raise $2.3 million for california engineering school
elizabeth warren calls donald trump a 'racist bully'
six dead, 10 hurt in baltimore commuter, school bus crash
fox news problem solvers in way over their heads
kim gordon clarifies her comments on lana del rey and feminism
bashar al-assad tries tiny bit of sarin gas on self to see what it's like
my niece has cancer and i'm ticked about it
supermodel stephanie seymour arrested, charged with drunken driving
scoliosis: what you need to know
controversy erupts after uk retailer removes gender labels from kids' clothes
teacher bitches about paycheck to sixth-grade class
area insurance salesman celebrates 14th year of quoting fletch
friends always on best behavior around neil labute
man vows never to watch another sci-fi movie with physicist friend
biologists announce they're all done with rodents
megyn kelly on donald trump: 'i have done my level best to not make this story about me'
the secret behind a one day project going viral
creating leverage where none seems to exist
new movie taps into nation's love of rapping kangaroos
newspaper starting to worry spending so much time on facebook not healthy for it
the lawsuit against black lives matter and the central meaning of the first amendment
vatican putting out feelers for how public would react to another children's crusade
'the wire' cast reunited in baltimore to uplift community
obama's supreme court nominee just bragged about sending this man to prison. now he's free.
death of d.c. man in security guard custody ruled a homicide
boehner vows to leave successor with clean slate
trump makes last-minute push to appeal to whites
facing rising seas, remote alaskan village votes to move (again)
all of child's fondest memories times when dad trying to make up for things
the worst place in the world for a child
mom sentenced for encouraging boyfriend's sex assault on baby
donald trump's assault on our values
the women's march inspired them to run. now they're unseating gop men.
was it worth it, america?
gop senators aren't ready to accept trump as their champion
price-gouging pharma ceo takes over cancer company
man failing to heed harsh lessons of past orders sonic bacon cheeseburger toaster
ken burns completes documentary about fucking liars who claimed they watched entire 'jazz' series
magic-markered initials fail to deter breakroom rice-cake thief
'straight outta compton' is a stunning surprise
carly rae jepsen just released her new single, 'all that'
god humbled to be the answer to 'jeopardy!' clue
female barista getting a lot better at avoiding touching male patrons' hands when they pay
gunman kills one, wounds four in shooting at german nightclub
couple at point where they're comfortable using toilet at same time
mountain lion tracked by scientists is found dead near malibu road
noah cyrus makes her late-night debut belting out 'make me (cry)'
scalia goes on abortion bender after being passed over for chief justice
campbell's unveils one big can-sized noodle
is area man going to finish those fries?
taylor swift used a 'gremlin voice' while writing '1989'
restaurant's eating challenge rewards any patron who can consume reasonably portioned meal
fun sticker placed on child's ventilator
the best way to eat avocados: avocado pasta
that one mcdonald's plate from the '70s: holy shit, there it is
an open letter to progressives: tpp is not yet 'the most progressive trade agreement in history'
modern-day lancelot offers to pay for abortion
united airlines offering immigrants special flights that circle u.s. awaiting gaps in travel ban
sun thinking of just collapsing now and getting this all over with
justice thomas' wife calls supreme court retirement report 'bogus'
trump retweets video from anti-muslim hate group
long-silent facebook friend comes out of woodwork with post asking about insulating windows
struggling airline helped by friendly giant
7 ways to breakup like a boss
sure seems like frankie muniz wants a 'malcolm in the middle' reboot
using the united fiasco to flourish in the future
unemployed sibling makes last push for group mother's day gift
3822 voted america's favorite pin number
thank a teacher thursday: dominic casulli and the power of encouragement, part 1
a toe in the arctic ocean: canada's northwest territories on the looney front, part 2
'it will never happen to me'
mark zuckerberg cited for contempt of congress after refusing to shut the fuck up about how he started company in dorm room
rubio supporters get in a scuffle with a 'rubiobot'
the music of strangers: a film review by dr. lloyd sederer
'dsm-5' updated to accommodate man who is legitimately being ordered to kill by the moon
purina debuts new 'slovenly feast' for nasty-ass shelter cats
obama chides darrell issa for touting alliance with him in re-election fight
pope francis' iraq peace message meets the reality of war
'ant-man and the wasp' trailer brings the fun after 'avengers: infinity war'
frontier airlines tells customers to just fucking deal with it
moses and the red sea
everyone forgets to bring swimsuits to coworker's party
george takei accused of groping former male model in 1981
new york times adds color to target under-70 demographic
the hollywood boys' club that supports casey affleck is a total disgrace
3 myths about low libido
girl scouts rocked by 'cookies for cash' fundraising scandal
christian juggler regrets years wasted as secular juggler
huffpollster: americans see progress, room for improvement on voting rights
world will miss goal for universal education by 50 years: un
jennifer lopez's name is jennifer lopez again
how to rebuild your credit after bankruptcy -- fast
discover how climate change is rapidly transforming our earth with google timelapse
man who does everything at last minute wonders how you do it
voting lines are shorter — but mostly for whites
conrad bain steps down as national kitsch-reference laureate
amanda slavin: not just a statistic
laurie hernandez and val chmerkovskiy are already our favorite 'dancing with the stars' couple
new photos show hurricane matthew's path of destruction in haiti
florida lawmakers vote to ban marriage under the age of 17
nasa inadvertently launches unmanned space shuttle
nick viall is no longer a 'bachelor'
why america demonizes its teachers
new instant lottery game features three ways to win, 19,839,947 ways to lose
podcast a cry for help
fashion designer peter som's legendary minestrone soup recipe
photography series spotlighting iconic women over 70 proves the best is yet to come
clairvoyant vince vaughn accepts movie role before it's offered
report kenan thompson is leaving 'snl' deemed 'inaccurate'
woman hid heroin, oxy under fake butt, cops say
'don't cry for me'
isis and the g-41 world
melania trump hangs decayed badger carcass over white house mantel to finish off traditional slovenian christmas decor
woman who admits to having watched golden globes thinks jodie foster embarrassed herself
sarah huckabee sanders defends trump's sexist attack on kirsten gillibrand
saying goodbye to hollywood's hottest, seediest address
bush increasingly focused on how revisionist history will see him
11 years later: the human genome paves the way for genomic technonlogy
man claiming to be boko haram leader appears in new video
how do i live knowing proof of heaven?
on pilgrimage in india
will religious freedom advocates oppose roy moore?
uaw, fca still negotiating under 'hour-by-hour' contract extension
if bernie sanders wanted to solve problems like donald trump
there is no right way, just write
rest of evening spent declaring asshole not going to ruin evening
north carolina doesn't seem to want people to see police camera footage
the education department officially won't deal with transgender students experiencing bathroom discrimination
why we won't be participating in black friday
hooded members of congress drown another love child in potomac to prevent affair from getting out
merkel: isis poses major risk to europe
alcoholic kindergarten teacher stretches naptime to three hours
report: store out of good kind
devastating floods leave 23 dead in west virginia
obama's greatest oratory performance
grandmother palms grandson $10 like she fixing boxing match
bumper nilla crop spells profit for wafer growers
6 summer salads you'll actually crave
the black keys new album 'turn blue' is now available to stream in full
isis vs isil -- what's in a name?
national trust for historic preservation to pay for andy rooney's upkeep
list of names on gchat sidebar like a portal into area man's past lives
tomi lahren is suing glenn beck and theblaze
greg hardy unapologetically denies domestic abuse allegations
tourists describe scenes of horror in tunisian beach massacre
trump voters blink
photos from 'ahs' set may help explain all those creepy blond children
study: more couples delaying divorce until kids old enough to remember every painful detail
never-before-heard buzzword flying around office can't be good
man not certain what any of his coworkers' names are
psychologists push for smartphone warning labels
clinton receives 400,000 honorary degrees for college commencement speech
scavenger-hunt party 'not leaving without twine'
the republican obamacare dilemma in one 6-minute video
mass graves suggest systematic killing of rohingya in myanmar
final german u-boat surrenders to allied powers
private prison companies will still lock up immigrants, despite doj decision
woman's head feared lost forever inside infinity scarf
fed-up brookstone body-massage chair now only entertaining serious buyers
trump asks entire senate to clear out of chamber so he can speak to comey alone
grateful dead lyricist, internet pioneer john perry barlow dead at 70
new report finds americans most interested in science when moon looks different than usual
'new york times' moves all content you won't give a shit about unless you make at least $200k a year into one convenient section
philippines president calls on civilians to kill drug addicts
woman perfectly breaks down why she's not 'just' a nurse
chicago police department to monitor all interactions with public using new bullet cams
amid the chattering of the global elite, a silent interlude
at least 23 ethical issues are dogging epa administrator scott pruitt
won't ask, don't tell
weird black dot actually part of bowl
vegas, baby! (well, minus our babies)
people really like kanye's new song 'real friends' because it's really g.o.o.d.
20 suede pieces you'll want to wear all spring
fcc sentences artie lange to death
behold the title of 'american horror story' season 7
football-loving americans harassed for wearing turbans to nfl game
to your health
new job posting on craigslist clearly for secretary of the interior
seth meyers loses it over thanksgiving's proximity to christmas
15 ways the knicks can trade carmelo anthony
parents fight to save their two daughters after tragic diagnosis
the quiet practice where i found my voice
fcc assures nation their favorite verizon websites won't be affected by net neutrality repeal
everyone told me my second child would be so much harder than my first, but they were wrong
report: it still nowhere near okay to act like donald trump
man reportedly unleashes trump-inspired anti-lgbtq rant at church
white sprinter finishes fifth
how i'm finding my voice with wendy davis
obama begins inauguration festivities with ceremonial drone flyover
lindsay wagner to star in anything offered her
democratic senator strides down corridors of powerlessness
here's how trump's rage campaign opened the door to the james comey firing
looking for happiness in all the wrong places
swarm of 100 drones dance to beethoven's 'symphony no. 5' in the night sky
fatal school bus crash cements bff status
no-makeup look easier to achieve than elle claims
the outfit that got this woman kicked out of her school's gym
bluetooth headset worn throughout date
breakroom tension at all-time high following mug dispute
depression symptom checklist speaking to area man as no poem ever could
parents formally announce transfer of expectations to second child
'saturday night live' celebrates halloween with spooktacular montage
steven spielberg: can his career be salvaged?
local laundromat employs social media coordinator
partygoer vows to fix keg
right to own handheld device that shoots deadly metal pellets at high speed worth all of this
oscar countdown 2002 begins
disaster movies are tame compared to what happened 3.3 billion years ago
washington d.c. officer shoots woman carrying knife
in your face: the hidden history of plastic surgery and why looks matter
a knicks' fan's open letter to santa
wolf blitzer decks boston man who hasn't been healed by red sox baseball
donald trump and america's blood sport of choice
time to end subsidies that are destroying forests
netflix to shut down planned louis c.k. comedy special
trump undercuts easy obamacare attack with dig about bill clinton's infidelities
narcissist mentally undresses self
we got the exclusive look at hillary's dnc speech notes
watch john kasich lead an awkward david bowie sing-along
pro governing: is it faked?
how a social media detox helped ed burns become more productive
outdoor movie guest excited to watch barely audible 'back to the future' while sitting on tree root
north korea claims it's planning to fire missiles near guam
gorillagram employee shot by white house security
how do i make my 4-month-old fall in love with reading?
15 weirdest things that people have left behind in an uber
arkansas executes first inmate in 12 years
meet the other baldwin brother, james!
a sadder pride because of washington inaction
brad pitt stumbles across old cardboard box with gwyneth paltrow's head in attic
shonda rhimes on the motivation behind her weight loss journey
obama plans to tackle major education inequality
teaching, learning and the college ratings framework
fashion-forward pigeon sports bread necklace in bold style choice
video relaunches investigation into death of man held by chicago police
whoopi goldberg says the oscars 'can't be that racist' because she won once
housefly tracks dog shit all over cucumber slice
hillary clinton opens new presidential library charting course of purely theoretical tenure as commander in chief
bounty, brawny ceos wearing down patience of mutual friend
sherman alexie says artists under trump will be 'noise-canceling headphones'
visibly flu-stricken choir kid really dragging down whole christmas pageant
nbc news correspondent ayman mohyeldin returning to gaza
tim robbins tired of being typecast as relatively tall characters
sen. tom cotton thinks 'tough guy' trump is ready to resume waterboarding
leather-clad ted cruz greeting voters at reno-area fetish club
man's family rises to record-high fourth priority
mike ditka has not been paying attention to history
what mom would have wanted evolving over course of funeral planning
simple task of going to post office feels like weight of 10,000 boulders
report: some crazy shit probably happened to classmate being raised by grandmother
ivanka trump incorrectly names judaism as 1 of the 3 'largest world religions'
rescued lion has been obsessed with blankets since he was a baby
county fair judges blown away by heifer
the best toys to shop on prime day for kids of all ages
the sanders phenomenon
clinton staff readies emp launch to disable all nation's electronic devices
khloe kardashian joins 'waist gang'
next week's republican debate in utah canceled
a trove of 'lost and found' photos reveal one mystery couple's beautiful life
bear family pool party is the cutest backyard invasion ever
dustin hoffman accusers speak out about alleged abuse in joint nbc interview
another open letter to betsy devos from a public school teacher
6 tips to boost your career
video shows transphobic man preaching in target getting shut down by customer
#xmasgiftsfromtrump wish list will give trump a very un-merry christmas
ronda rousey eerily predicted how she would lose
police release haircut-progressed photo of missing woman
a brief (pun intended) history of lawyers in movies
gifs: the memphis grizzlies weathered this epic oklahoma city thunder storm
stomach sets aside synthetic additives until it has a few minutes to figure out how to digest them
russia denies it has compromising information on donald trump
what comics can offer to bible readers
breaking uniform
congress approves of $250 billion
7 fascinating but forgotten facts from world war i (new book)
taylor swift now dating watertown boat
rapture wreaks havoc on local book club
the key to setting achievable goals
the only shopping guide for cyber monday you need
donald trump says refugee crisis and threats to uk identity drove brexit
science fiction writer admits unstoppable killing machine based on mother
gunman kills at least two american advisers in kabul shooting
kris kobach defends using a private email for government business
10-year-old denies girl-liking allegations
stray dad found in lumber section of the home depot
office manager unveils new rule
charles darwin and the sunmine
another way companies make it harder for new mothers
sheets changed after every breakup
want to make meetings more productive? start walking
man overjoyed he no longer has to purchase entire day's worth of egg mcmuffins in morning
watch: stone brewing evacuates as wildfire approaches
military prosecutor: senate report on cia interrogation program is accurate
national park service studies historic lgbtq sites for possible recognition
safeguarding america's health system from sabotage
jonathan safran foer guesses it's time to give up on silly little dream of becoming good writer
skydiver luke aikins makes jump without a parachute
study: universe actually shrunk by about 19 inches last year
power-crazed orkin man burns house to ground
couple's fucked-up presex ritual involves tucking both kids into bed
will all senate republicans kowtow to trump and the far right?
viral photo captures incredible moment between police officer, homeless man
google employees disappointed 15th anniversary party only has one solar-powered lego drag race reffed by david pogue
study: average american tries getting out of 10,000 things each year
rnc builds levee out of poor people to protect convention site
romney delivers stern warning to china, speaking directly into the camera in fluent mandarin
the inside story of how congress sent the stock market tumbling
voters shocked christie botched such an easy political cover-up
desperate dole promises best prom ever
a different kind of mom
uber halts self-driving car tests in california, where it didn't test much anyway
from tiger mothers to fresh off the boat: eddie huang's mom is not every asian-american mom
donald trump thinks roger goodell is 'weak,' 'stupid' and a 'dope'
trump says congress won't change libel laws, but that's a decision for the states
shirtless goofball in flag underwear invades field at world series
local moviegoer enjoying movie so far
why chinese parents don't say 'i love you'
americans say the white house is creating more problems than it solves
theater major has too long borne shakespeare teacher's blunt upbraidings, bitter scoffs
a lancet breakthrough: publishing about faith and health
area grasshopper kind of a thorax man himself
freemasons return to jupiter
banjo-wielding matt damon makes last-minute bid for best original song
after criticism, cleveland officials to outline convention security plans
new teen trend 'walking wet and nude' couldn't have caught on at worse time
justin bieber interrupts performance to scold spanish audience
'mudbound' oscar nominations place netflix in big leagues
area man uses wtc attack as excuse to call ex-girlfriend
mccain gets hammered at local vfw
12-year-old's christmas list demonstrates heartbreaking awareness of family's financial predicament
kendrick lamar, taylor swift and the weeknd lead the 2016 grammy nominations
slight inconvenience avoided
frustrated fcc unable to stop use of word 'friggin''
nbc to dramatize menendez brothers murders in 'law & order: true crime' spinoff
police assume truck was deliberately driven into berlin christmas market
area man cleans apartment once every relationship
after shooting, orlando chefs provide thousands of free meals
gop sen. jeff flake comes out and says it: 'my party might not deserve to lead'
dentist offers to buy back halloween candy
mta officials assure new yorkers that today's subway will run just as fucked up as normal
routine drunk-driving trip turns tragic for five local teens
grizzly bear sprained paw while mauling hunter, reports ranger
trump selects longtime personal plane to head faa
new antidepressant makes friends' problems seem worse
restaurant teaches former inmates to cook, helps them get back on their feet
5 entrepreneurial rules to live by
laser pointer aimed toward space in 1997 finally annoying planet 13 light-years away
man who skipped airport's moving walkway immediately realizes what an arrogant fool he's been
7 things you probably didn't know about christmas
paul beatty becomes first american to win man booker prize for fiction
your favorite female 'star wars' heroes finally get their own series
nation checks out cnn.com to see what their old pals the tsarnaevs and castros are up to
small town beginning to wonder what taking heroin epidemic so long to get there
new ted cruz super-pacs take in record haul
domestic abuse survivor gives young victims the support she wishes she had
dogs smell grandma's scent, set off on quest to find her
smb's are changing the way they do business
president's american manufacturing council down to ceo of shoe carnival
world's physicists complete study of physics
how to really listen in a difficult conversation (6.2)
heroic turtle dials most of 911
what it's really like to have a miscarriage
businesses say anti-lgbt bills could cost texas billions
accused killer wanted 'army of people who'd do anything he asked'
avid fisherman forever ruins fishing for son
british public on the hunt for 'witches' marks' this halloween
nation relieved insufferable little 'game of thrones' fans don't have book to lord over them this season
the best volunteer programs do this
nasa completely forgot probe was returning today
3m introduces new line of protective foam eye plugs
michael b. jordan sets fire to first 'fahrenheit 451' trailer
astronomers predict giant asteroid will hit nation's theaters this summer
hero of the common man talks to plumber for entire time he's in house
social unity is most important, says pm modi on india's 70th independence day
roe made abortions legal, but it doesn't keep women and providers safe
hussein judge hoping for fair, speedy assassination
savvy man registers 'sleepy romney' twitter account just in case candidate looks tired
dreamers face nightmare of trump's deportation force
third world disease eliminated with hot-air hand dryers
whoops! selfie snapper smashes sculpture days after exhibit opens
aspiring actor dreams of one day publicly voicing regret for working with woody allen
swiss unable to maintain neutrality toward delicious pastries
9 things all parents of college kids do but hate to admit
thousands of new orleans households still without political power
watch: underreported story -- reuniting families with remains of dead migrants
yahoo's newfront pulses to steve aoki's edm beat
look at it: it's goddamn beautiful
how to lose to the islamic state: obama administration considers deploying troops to iraq, focusing on assad in syria
eric's bogosian's operation nemesis: can a genocide ever truly be avenged?
antarctic observational comic running out of ideas
thousands protest in moscow against housing plan
new pixar employees required to watch adorable sexual harassment video
cosmopolitan releases 40-year compendium: 812,683 ways to please your man
row of asterisks spices up otherwise ordinary e-mail
this tattoo shop is creating a safe and accepting space for queer bodies
sears gold card holder pushing weight around area sears
author jeff lindsay says goodbye to serial killer dexter with final novel
after-work drinks enter third excruciating minute
koch network spent nearly $400 million in 2015
those weren't nooses at university of delaware
man already has whole sentence lined up for later in conversation
area waitress has one hell of an ass on her, local man will tell you that right now
30 unbeleafably adorable gifts for plant lovers
cuomo makes surprise afghanistan trip
drummer's girlfriend thinks he should sing
nobody watched matthew mcconaughey's forgotten youtube channel until now
pope francis admits god really starting to look old
what has becoming a parent done to me?
video:  #icantbreathe poem on house floor
man somehow overcomes alcoholism without jesus
donald w. bush?
mom uses full name to refer to bisquick impossibly easy cheeseburger pie
congressman calls trump 'an idiot' for using egypt mosque attack to promote border wall
luke bryan says confederate flag has become a 'symbol of racism'
rich first-grader buys whole sheet of gold stars
we ain't germans
kentucky governor echoes trump: 'all sides' to blame for charlottesville violence
how caitlyn jenner is helping me be a better me
new apple campaign urges consumers to buy iphone for other hand
woman dozing at coffee shop has that dave eggers sex dream again
manager of combination taco bell/kfc secretly considers it mostly a taco bell
could hillary clinton have what it takes to defeat the democrats in 2008?
wild tales:  outstanding black comedy at cannes
donald trump prefers violent football so more black players get hurt: espn analyst
black ribbon in the balsam
the buttermilk biscuit recipes you want and need
ai weiwei commemorates drowned refugees during berlin film festival
the restrictions journalists agreed to in order to attend the koch brothers' conference
7-year-old puts on uno face
'little boy' stands tall
jake tapper has one-word response to creepy kellyanne conway 'snl' sketch
poll shows support for birth control mandate on eve of court ruling
death row inmate loses fight over kosher food
jada pinkett smith and gabrielle union end feud after 17 years
huffpost rise: what you need to know on february 10
dear mr. president: a dispatch from bowling green
shinto priestess killed by brother during sword attack at tokyo shrine
journalists push back on correspondents' association's response to michelle wolf
nina dobrev addresses her rumored return to 'vampire diaries'
theresa may, edging towards donald trump, scolds john kerry over israel
child assured it will be long time before he dies
new year's eve prank leaves 4-year-old glued to mcdonald's toilet
prosecutors in tamir rice case bizarrely pointed toy gun at witness, lawyers allege
what's wrong with this picture? for u.s. fight against isis, everything
afi docs: where policy meets art
school bully not so tough since being molested
the real mothers of mother's day
dad shoots daughter while teaching her about gun safety
3 unexpected ways to help your kids be mindful about screen time
dee bogetti's gps guide for living in the moment
paul ryan confident american people will warm up to tax plan once they realize life a cruel and meaningless farce
war-torn, blood-soaked kosovo: would bombing it help?
starving for a fantasy
bill clinton waiting until after primaries to endorse candidate
what you should do if you own a volkswagen that was just recalled
to read or not to read, part 2
hillary clinton loses lead over bernie sanders in new iowa poll
several women accuse progressive media executive don hazen of sexual harassment
success and still enjoying your 'happy place'
last 12 years a real wake-up call for area man
pollsters admit they underestimated voters' adrenal glands
lin-manuel miranda freestyles about life's most annoying minor inconveniences on 'ellen'
john lewis won't attend civil rights museum opening because trump is going
is trouble brewing for the 2015 npt review conference?
area man going to go ahead and consider that a date
4 senators mauled during congressional tiger show
huffpost hill - secret service agents really glad dark sunglasses hide bloodshot eyes
kite flyer in the zone
bacon just one of sprint's new downloadable ring scents
i photograph to remember
u.s. bobsled team pays tribute to late gold medalist steven holcomb
among santa fe's many virtues? history, art, culture, hospitality and killer vintage clothing
power plan foes from mars, backers from venus (earth actually)
journalists who refuse to take the same non-answer for an answer
nukes and the global schism
weird relative at family reunion knows how everyone related to each other
negro week at the 1939–1940 new york world's fair
trump threatens to veto spending bill over border wall funding, then signs it
6 diy stress hacks using what's in your closet
the major concern with the phone call with taiwan
a weird and wonderful cabaret chronicle: karen mason revisits her roots at 'don't tell mama!'
why companies shouldn't hide the financial risks of climate change
the louvre gardens are teeming with rats
trump is #1 in the polls, and so was the 'macarena'
boy george opens up about happiness, being a u.s. politics junkie and more
area woman decides not to post facebook status that would have tipped gun control debate
sprint, t-mobile ceos merge into grotesque executive hybrid
patrick stewart reads hilariously bad reviews of iconic tourist attractions
safeguarding the well-being of children
the public health threat of private anger
target 'dorm room essentials' aisle being browsed exclusively by 30-year-old men with studio apartments
suzanne somers named u.s. thighmaster general
just a friendly and wildly hot reminder that oscar isaac is playing hamlet
a new hbo documentary shows what it's really like inside a terror attack
watch: stories you won't believe from some of the world's dirtiest jobs
golf sensation jordan spieth loses masters after horrible meltdown; danny willett wins
first gay couple receives marriage license at jailed kentucky clerk's office
world's jews celebrate christmas with ceremonial re-murdering of christ
john mccain, czar hater, calls for ebola czar
father of trump tower climber also has an important message for you
that guy from that one show in rehab
sanders hits bill clinton on welfare reform, trade
white nationalist calls trump's denouncement of hate groups 'kumbaya nonsense'
'old milwaukee book of world records' confirms title for most punches to shoulder
new details paint unsettling pictures of london attackers
don't ask me to 'get over' my history with breast cancer
being a facebook wallflower isn't good for you, the social site says
woody harrelson spends two hours drawing marijuana leaf on binder
burger king franchise owner adds sad little personal touches to restaurant
verb to follow noun; prepositional phrase to follow
a valentine for my best friend: my life wouldn't be the same without you
the importance of being collaborative
russian officials scrambling as plan to delegitimize western democracy moving way faster than intended
obama sort of freaked out after not receiving single e-mail, phone call for entire day
adele tweets apology after stage rigging hits glasgow concertgoer
pastor talking to non-christian who just lost wife can smell blood
'religious freedom' clauses are point of contention as australia crafts marriage equality laws
voters are excited for november despite not really loving the likely nominees
everyone in family compliments grandmother on how small and feeble she's gotten
eating entire box of donuts not originally part of evening's plan
white house pretty sure uzbekistan diplomat stole a bunch of soap
jared kushner quietly transfers 'solve middle east crisis' to next week's to-do list
15 years in environment of constant fear somehow fails to rehabilitate prisoner
internet personality michael buckley on giving 'sex tips' off broadway
legends of new york's latex ball celebrate the history of voguing
man unfortunately sleeps like baby
one last ruben studdard reference wafts gently into the cool evening air
hubble telescope discovers giant amelia earhart statue on distant planet
trump is telling "jokes," but nobody's laughing
hundreds of miniature sean hannitys burst from roger ailes' corpse
kellie pickler hilariously misses the buzzer in celebrity 'family feud' fail
military institutes new 'don't tell, let me guess' policy
jeb bush insists he's a washington outsider
washington post journalist jailed in iran has christmas meal with family
coloradans who deregistered after trump request for voter data aren't signing up again
watch vin diesel say 'i am groot' in different languages
artist's stunning image honors the moment one woman defied a neo-nazi march
voters glad they got hope in politicians out of system for next election cycle or two
new year's resolution -- let colleges lead the way to a new normal in cuba
paris police arrest second couple over notre dame gas cylinders
my 8 favorite beauty products
financial burden of cancer can harm quality of life
high schooler promises to have man's impregnated daughter home by midnight
cnn anchor interviews al jazeera anchor who interviewed libyan rebels
the quadruple bottom line: its time has come
this may be holding you back from repairing a broken relationship
in the weeks before trump takes office, obama's mad dash to save public lands
the changing holiday shopping landscape
burger king introduces new thing to throw in front of kids after another hellish day at work
this road sign is a lot less helpful than it looks
day chalked up as loss by 10:15 a.m.
australian lawmaker shoots opponents in campaign ad, draws ire after orlando
kinda creepy peter pan pranks disney world
#brownribboncampaign reminds us oscar diversity isn't just black and white
high school elects gay 45-year-old homecoming king for first time in school history
george thorogood fan disgusted to learn musician licensed 'bad to the bone' for commercial purposes
for america's future, engineering needs to diversify
darrelle revis to be charged in fight that leaves two men unconscious
don't pay another bill until you pay this
move to houseboat regretted by third day
buick regal named best vehicle in class for idling outside off-track betting parlor
arizona iced tea unveils new 4-foot-tall cans
blm's alicia garza launches census project to mobilize black political power
police audio leaked in killing of unarmed black teen christian taylor
for a first-time marathoner, there's strength in numbers
hate preachers on qatar campus: obama gives qatar undeserved a+ on fighting incitement
10th-grade prodigy studying mathematics at 10th-grade level
3 reminders that can help you raise resilient kids
nation horrified to learn about war in afghanistan while reading up on petraeus sex scandal
trump relaxes after debate by slipping back into nice, warm personal reality
area liberal no longer recognizes fanciful, wildly inaccurate mental picture of country he lives in
update: 'the onion' is immediately suspending production on our basketball infographic video directed by brett ratner
george foreman grill retires to promote own grill
study finds having it all leading indicator that everything will come crashing down
shooting at copenhagen synagogue leaves 1 dead, 2 officers wounded
paris hilton impersonates kim kardashian for kanye west fashion line
international space station tented to spray for xenomorphs
ex-boyfriend hopes to still be terrible, incompatible friends
teen accepted into 113 colleges chooses full ride to hbcu
transgender lawmaker danica roem: trump shows there's 'no barrier' to getting elected
shit, friend just said something to obnoxious drunk guy on bus
weekend encounter with coworker never acknowledged
study: 74% of home contractors end up accidentally walling themselves in during housing construction
goth kid builds scary-ass birdhouse
outbreak of va-va-vooms traced to miniskirt-wearing blonde
grandmother can't believe they let people with tattoos on price is right
the '7th heaven' cast reunites for the first time in 8 years
are we meeting the needs of our nation's rich?
there is nothing libertarian about conservatives
yorkshire terrier monogrammed
pope cleans up dead angel who flew into sistine chapel window
remainder of ross ice shelf now in smithsonian freezer
panicked agriculture secretary momentarily forgets what corn is
an introvert's guide to throwing a solid holiday party
area client would like a different font
fifth harmony's lauren jauregui blasts 'toxic' homophobia in poignant twitter exchange
usda admits weight loss not possible for people who don't like salmon
six teenagers in britain suspected of killing polish man in hate crime
cubans: new dictator doing it all wrong
obama fills out lukewarm glassdoor review after exiting presidency
bill henderson, jazz vocalist and actor, dies at 90
very specific food pyramid recommends two to three shrimp scampis per year
alaskan gray wolf can't believe no one told him he's got snow on nose
how to emotionally recover from the election
man always taking good mood out on friends
6 essentials for a trash-free lunch
candidate delighted to be in chair factory
woman knows exactly which knife she'd grab out of cutlery drawer in event of home invasion
bored predator drone pumps a few rounds into mountain goat
30-year-old nes still wasting life playing video games
schools enact positive change with drama therapy
world map rearranged to accommodate poor geography skills of americansnations ordered alphabetically
woman leaving meeting worried she came off as too competent
professor threatened with firing says wheaton college is changing the rules
jfk jr. celebrates 10,000th coupling
man with stupid breaks off co-dependent relationship
internet pop-up quiz insulting
suspension of disbelief goes unrewarded
'the late show' updated trump's election night speech with annotations
ancient flying beast named after 'avatar' creature
tennessee senate passes a bill to erect a memorial to 'victims of abortion'
report: no one at white castle wants to make friends
45-year-old to help candidate understand youth vote
word 'millennials' forced into headline to boost pageviews
dozens of social issues thankful they never had to go toe-to-toe with muhammad ali
fox news struggling to attract younger 60-75 demographic
after a string of accidents, u-haul announces closure of aircraft division
why stakes is too high to bother with white tears
growing up with the holocaust as a writer
the surprising way horses can help ease alzheimer's symptoms
beaver can't wait to get started on dam
huffpollster: republican women really don't like trump
what we know so far about the new white house org chart
morbidly obese man enjoys disabled privileges with motorized cart
'no one will push you into running for president,' jeb bush softly whispers before tucking in sleeping grandson
madcap romp escalates into zany hijinks
5 longevity secrets from the world's healthiest cultures
8 perks of being divorced during the holidays
nation healed by awesome sports highlight
why moms demand action will participate in day without a woman
hillary clinton's asian american outreach director leaving campaign
interview with louise munson, playwright of luigi
suspect reportedly arrested over explosives sent to washington, d.c. area
writer calls on women of color 'to divest from lena dunham' after controversy
area dad will only watch things in hd
the unexpected place you're probably overeating
don lemon on sean spicer: everyone 'is dumber for having listened to that'
kansas state refused to investigate sexual assaults because they happened off-campus, lawsuit says
nfl player avery williamson wears 9/11 cleats despite threat of fine
trump confidant floats crazy rbg-for-merrick-garland scotus swap
u.s. continues proud tradition of  diversity on front lines
south korean president meets north korea's kim jong un to talk trump summit
nation's financial advisors recommend capturing magical creature that grants wishes
michelle, ross and carson on the wild ride to 'rupaul's drag race'
content writer awkwardly shows parents around website where he works
possible viking find could rewrite north american history
new details emerge in forgotten murder that snared attorney, highway patrolmen
watching faces of students as they finish 'the lottery' highlight of english teacher's year
no one in prison sure how jared fogle still eating subway every meal
sean spicer says donald trump is a 'champion' of first amendment
uncovered california: community college students' quest for mental health services
debra messing doesn't want you to freak out about a 'will & grace' revival just yet (update)
nation delighted as many famous people in same room together
area man winded after particularly lengthy wendy's order
the 6 real reasons i'm happy to be married
biden busted in dnc parking lot selling bootleg 'i'm with her' t-shirts
white person waved past beeping walgreens security barrier
khloe kardashian says no one was doing cocaine at kylie jenner's graduation party
genuine happiness now seen only on game shows
chewbacca just got himself a 'chewbacca mom' mask
yet another donald trump pick has a habit of spreading dangerous conspiracy theories
dog trying its absolute hardest
mississippi bans soft drinks smaller than 20 ounces
explosion at fedex facility outside san antonio may be linked to austin bombings, fbi says
cupid cop gave out roses, cards on valentine's day instead of tickets
fox news host disavows internment camps, after panelists suggest rounding up muslims
reince priebus says it's 'too late' for a new candidate to stop trump
minnesota café charges 35 cent 'fee' to protest minimum wage hike
asshole from plane greeted at baggage claim by whole family
an american dreamer in the age of trump
hillary clinton celebrates confederate flag's removal at mlk day ceremony
david brooks: obama has a 'manhood problem in the middle east'
why terrorists attack us
everyone proud of grandma for staying awake
the nypd has secretly been spying on cell phones since 2008
republicans urge obama administration to crack down on sanctuary cities
floor plan of retirement community 90% defibrillator locations
voters in 14 states navigating new rules while trying to cast ballots
arne duncan stressed about preparing for standardized secretary of education exam
tom brokaw touched so many women would go out of their way to defend filthy old pervert like himself
stop complaining about the evolution of text language. period.
half-dressed man frantically scrambles out of home after hearing toyotathon deals won't last long
tech is the future, reports local dad
trump fulfills campaign promise of pushing major immigration decision on someone else so he can watch tv
communication matters: getting your message out
son surprised dad knows johnny cash song
man suddenly regretting asking to be taken seriously by peers
eleven-year-old has miniskirt, pumps, vague notion of what sex is
cinemax director wins award for skinematography
doctor unable to hide his excitement from patient with ultra-rare disease
dozens injured after trains collide in pennsylvania
ed sheeran sang 'chasing cars' at a wedding, and now we're swooning
'game of thrones' producers reveal series moved beyond show's written script halfway through current season
girls scouts announces they'll never ever let gross fucking boys in
un rebukes trump's jerusalem move in overwhelming vote
father's day tribute to a family man
white house: 'this is not the geologic era to debate gun control'
professors try to figure out what 'bae' and 'on fleek' mean
house republican spending bill seeks to block obama's carbon rules
fred durst spray paints 'limp bizkit' on bridge
democrats shouldn't panic over one poll showing donald trump ahead
bored kim jong-un stacks entire north korean populace into human pyramid to kill time
how humans are laying out the welcome mat for mosquitoes and the diseases they carry
jennifer lawrence honored robert de niro at the glaad media awards the only way she knows how
11 unexpected ways to use grapefruit
study: 90% of all meowing comes from owners trying to get cats to meow back
14 photos that show the special bond between moms and daughters
'star wars' fans are freaking out because 'jedi' in 'the last jedi' is plural
study: headaches are the body's way of communicating it wants pills
how jimmy carter learned to make his wife rosalynn a 'full' partner
gop congressman complains women are 'in my grill' over obamacare repeal
religious leaders, groups are appalled by trump's immigration orders
lice having blast trying out different wigs at costume shop
10 places you wouldn't have gone 10 years ago
chicago's top prosecutor will not try the officer who killed laquan mcdonald
'big eyes' is about the 'most quiet feminist you've ever met'
bloomberg gadfly debuts in bid to shake-up financial commentary space
harry reid: republicans are 'acting as puppets for the nra'
little tobacco hit with $3.5 hundred lawsuit
women in business q&a: rebecca henderson, group president, randstad professional solutions
mike pence disappointed in the 200,000 husbands and fathers who permitted women to attend march
jeff flake delivers searing, critical applause for trump during state of the union
michelle obama explains in no uncertain terms why she won't run for office
republican food stamp bill would cut benefits, but not the size of government
russians mint 'in trump we trust' coin ahead of u.s. inauguration
kristen wiig's fake trailer from 'jimmy kimmel' needs to be made into a real movie
patients with limited english are more likely to return to the er
dear baby boomers, step aside
don't spend a cent on bitcoin until you see john oliver's cryptocurrency warning
celebrities mourn anne meara on twitter after news of her death
here's what you need to know about obamacare enrollment this year
relationship experts recommend single women try bathing in open stream until suitor glimpses them through trees
married couple longs for days when they only quietly resented one another
group of friends chanting 'shots' make compelling point
blind date pronounces every syllable of word 'comfortable'
to hope again
the science-backed reason to see your therapist in the morning
turkish president: no muslim family should engage in birth control
claire danes is expecting baby number two with hugh dancy
vlogger shamed in walmart fitting room because she might 'stretch' clothes
at the university of texas,  echoes of its confederate past reverberate in the present
trump hints at obamacare replacement that would look nothing like what republicans have in mind
bad-ass engagement ring also tells the time and temperature
director paul feig says 'men have to speak out' after weinstein sexual assault allegations
advertising firm unveils new mute-resistant commercials
rookie justice gorsuch assigned to supreme court overnight shift
mike pence takes oath of office as country's next vice president
rex tillerson blindsided by news he still worked for state department
fight over obama's treasury nominee underscores battles within democratic party
rommel, hummel dominate parents' christmas list
a big myth about how to spot a narcissist
doll-housing crisis set to worsen, mean older brother says
slushing in utah at the end of ski season
here are the candidates voters think can actually win in november
missing maryland toddler's body found in ohio creek
terrified jeb bush beginning to fade from visible spectrum
adele celebrates 'titanic'-themed 30th birthday
changing weather inspires area conversationalist
fourth tool discovered
texas public school districts may now store, not trash, leftover food
hentai message board features surprisingly close-knit, supportive community
hootie and the blowfish: breaking down racial barriers between black, white pussies
study: snapping three times leading way to recall movies, actors
donald trump insists he has the 'complete power' to pardon, as russia probe persists
syria ceasefire, backed by russia and turkey, holds after initial clashes
french parliament debates 'deep sleep' bill for end of life
reality, risk & reward: is us kids tv ripe for authenticity and autonomy?
transcript, emails show how tabloid reporters helped harvey weinstein get dirt on women
trump's america--a not so shining city on the hill
photographer assumes endless identities in her mother's clothes
stripper surprised she only talked to 2 homicide detectives today
justin bieber fan jealous of anne frank
elevate your leadership in 2016
woman's face-down halloween dummy gets repeated 911 calls
259 new objects now available in gummi form
kremlin agent not even going to bother trying to compromise trump staffer who will be forced to resign in few months
the future is blurry!
here's a pg-rated facebook alternative for evangelical christians
donald trump is unqualified to be president, majority of american voters say
body given false hope with first piece of fruit in 9 days
missouri democrats filibuster for 39 hours to stop anti-gay 'religious freedom' bill
9-year-old reporter told to just be 'cute' has landed a book deal
this craigslist missed connection is delightfully feminist
african nation not war-torn
three chinese tourists dead, six people missing in borneo shipwreck
god announces successful test of first category 7 hurricane
lone geek sits off by self reading the silmarillion throughout recess
this is what happens when you ask arya stark to write your yearbook quote
alex jones pleads with sandy hook parents to imagine pain an expensive lawsuit would cause him
rescue animals get the help they need thanks to online donations
goldfish can't stand bowlmate
john legend speaks to the crack in the system caused by mass incarceration
police launch investigation after video appears to show cop shoving man in wheelchair into street
nasa discovers distant planet located outside funding capabilities
judge who asked 'why couldn't you keep knees together?' resigns
white house prepares to send congress $15 billion spending cuts package
gop race heads to south carolina, known for dirty tricks and brawls
kindergartener allegedly barred from school because she has two moms
george will trashes bill o'reilly: 'wise, he is not'
ohio voters will get to decide on legalizing marijuana
the best ifttt recipes to make the most of your vacation
last living california raisin dies of prostate cancer
microsoft debuts surface book, its first laptop, plus other new gizmos
fda confirms psilocybin reduces risk of mindlessly following society's rules like fucking lemming
fourth death in new york legionnaire's disease outbreak
national weather service to give hurricanes full names
william h. macy has ultimate dad moment dancing with his daughter before prom
warm temperatures bring hot deals on winter gear
sarah huckabee sanders flatly rejects jim acosta's assertion that he's jim acosta
reno orders investigation of u.s. department of corruption
billions of electric signals between neurons allow brain to imagine what michael imperioli looks like
unapologetic self-portraits that shatter perceptions of disability
scientists discover eating serves function other than easing anxiety
libraries burning: from sarajevo to mosul
what i realized after years of searching for my soulmate
astoria characters: the charity stager
dolby theatre usher throws out matt damon for attempting to film oscars with camcorder
600-pound butter cow sculpture wins iowa caucus
bill o'reilly tearfully packs up framed up-skirt photos from desk
trump's army secretary pick is victim of 'gay gestapo,' right wing activists claim
candidates preparing for colorado debate conditions with high-altitude speaking drills
the drama desks, all the way, m&m's and more
magazine editor undergoes sleek new redesign
town nervously welcomes veteran back home
local student also a poet
'it's a wonderful life' was almost too racy for theaters
ariana grande performs 'break free' on 'snl'
unconditional love given to 15-year-old who just called mom a bitch in middle of hollister
newborn prince of cambridge begins consolidating power by having family imprisoned in tower of london
congress abandons wikiconstitution
2016: all about the electorate
self-defense instructor keeps a couple of secrets to himself
adorable puppy nets owner handjob
10 super annoying things we can't help but whine about
man bitten by radioactive sloth does the lying-around-all-day of 10 normal men
quake claims 500 hours
teen football recruit makes bold statement about black lives at training camp
10 of illinois' safest cities
unconsciousness faked to make anesthesiologist feel better
trump hails gorsuch as fierce protector of future amendment allowing president to temporarily suspend right to assemble
historical archives: two feared dead in near-by child-birth
prison warden vows to take away el chapo's tunnel privileges if captured
mothers, precious and misunderstood: the many mothers i have met
new 'baby weinstein' tapes prepare infants for career in entertainment law
5 steps to get you from shy to sociable
who were you on 9/11?
california marijuana businesses get their first commercial insurer
what really happens when you're infected with measles, in one chart
labor secretary letting 8 million unemployed americans crash at his place until they get back on their feet
republicans face some last-minute doubts on tax proposal
pope beatifies god in important step toward sainthood
presence of three round objects triggers juggling reflex in local man
the lgbt activist's question that left ben carson speechless
you'll want to get inked after seeing this tattoo artist's masterful work
many senators developing simple tools for governing
mike pence says he 'stands with the president' on charlottesville
new study confirms sharks just really angry dolphins
high school student council passes nonbinding resolution
twitter wins dismissal of lawsuit alleging islamic state support: federal judge
teacher allegedly shares nude photos of her boob job with students
report: at least 14 different types of animals crawl on you while you sleep
young democrats prefer bernie sanders, new poll finds
nation not about to start giving a shit about canadian politics
almost 9 million people enroll in obamacare, despite trump's sabotage attempts
would bernie sanders supporters take $200,000 from goldman sachs for a speech?
the best chance to defeat roy moore may be for the democratic party to lie low
14 snapshots that summed up parenthood in 2014
ryan seacrest sells 'squad goals' series to cbs
pope francis on meeting rohingya refugees: 'i wept'
gop sen. bob corker: trump hasn't demonstrated 'stability' or 'competence'
biden loses control of butterfly knife during commencement speech
new office manager provides terrifying glimpse into plans for regime by placing new collection of teas in drawer
you have to love yourself first
quick, painless death tops holiday wish list of local veal calf
trump lawyers dish on russia probe at steakhouse as nyt reporter listens in
now that's what i call shitty music 8 tops album charts
4 hours scrolling through facebook before bed referred to as 'winding down'
this man's proposal to his boyfriend is a musical moment you need to see to believe
report: no gay people actually refer to selves as 'same-sex couple'
supreme court understudy fills in for scalia
83rd birthday party stretches definition of party
because i'm gay and in high school, legislators don't care about my health
fighting with monsters
surprise, surprise: christopher nolan is not a fan of netflix
lin-manuel miranda is raffling a 'hamilton' date to raise money for immigrants
seeing eye dog really blows off some steam in dog park
amanda seyfried gave birth to her first child
college freshman already loves it
refugee blues
lanthanum quits periodic table of elements
7 full podcast seasons for your holiday binge-listening pleasure
watch top chef michael voltaggio read one-star yelp reviews
frustrated dad at restaurant just wants a normal burger
a triple amputee's dream wedding brings community together
rand's filibuster two-fer
these 8 arab cartoonists fight for freedom of expression every day
some sense knocked into girlfriend's son
biologists still uncertain about evolutionary function of ugly people
policewoman flashed more than her badge at cop conference: report
hot new 'murder craze' sweeps chicago
ruth bader ginsburg says 'cooler heads' should prevail on supreme court vacancy
elementary schooler clearly just learned to swear
bp's clean water act fines will be smaller than gulf states thought
two hipsters angrily call each other 'hipster'
man carrying knife and bible fatally shot by st. louis county police
lara flynn boyle's publicist warns interviewer upfront
riverboat horseracing fails utterly
reagan to be honored with $5,000-a-head funeral
she was shot and survived. now she has to relive the worst night of her life.
u.s. leads world in mexican-food availability
report: peaceful transfer of power makes last-minute push to become most pressing issue of 2016 election
u.s. upset after aliens land in italy
27 delicious ways to do a vegan holiday feast
apple announces plans for new ipad with extra storage drawer
these epic 360-degree photos will make you feel like you're on vacation
teacher frustrated no one in beginner yoga class can focus chakras into energy blast
parents, baby, godmother all uncomfortable with arrangement
area woman slams down phone, waits for it to ring
britney spears to receive prestigious honor for her lgbtq community support
law-abiding citizen keeps herself on track with weekly cheat day
f. scott fitzgerald estate wondering why the hell ken burns hasn't come knocking yet
conservatives urge facebook users to use american flag filter to fight against rainbow pics
aviva sees the light
ruby tuesday waiter warns jill stein her green party response to trump speech disrupting other diners
stressed-out sean hannity buys 12 little cabins in maine to get away from it all
new report finds link between each passing day, jeanette getting more beautiful
nation's sleep experts recommend cutting down on strobe light before bedtime
israel terrorizes palestinians in gaza
this is why so many boomers are delaying retirement
lunar olympic officials continue search for missing pole vaulter
bernie sanders and mike lee want a fight with the saudis. trump's working to stop them.
boss thinks female employee might be ready to handle job she's been doing for past 2 years
of course busy bartender doesn't mind taking picture of you and your friends
do you have to pay income taxes on social security benefits?
the hilarious hipster classifieds you'll (probably) never see online
second-grade music student goes nuts with cowbell
temporary worker permanently scarred
antarctic observational comic running out of ideas
area man takes metallica audio tour of art museum
congressman says new york city gunman got 'raw deal'
activists: isis militants kill over 100 in attack on syrian regime-held area
the uncertain fate of the man in the police brutality image that shocked kenya
god loses tip of finger in black hole accident
gary richrath, guitarist and songwriter for reo speedwagon, dead at 65
15 songs that defined the boomer generation
convict sentenced to generating $80,000 to $100,000 in profits for private prison
bookworms, this 7-year-old wrote an anthem just for you
metallica board of directors debates whether new riff will have negative impact on shareholder value
big bird, beastie boys mashup tells you how to get to sabotage street
this unorthodox guided meditation might just get you in the habit
this texas city has unsafe water for the 4th time in 2 years
roy moore refusing to withdraw from alabama 13-year-old
top 10 reasons i'm glad i grew up without facebook
astronomers celebrate 300th anniversary of discovering sky
katie ledecky, 18-year-old u.s. swimming sensation, accidentally breaks world record
twitter doesn't tire of knocking conor mcgregor's stamina
historical archives: immoral woodcut discovered in hay loft
evil genius' cat subpoenaed
plan to live in storage facility voiced
watch heroic drivers rescue 2 scared dogs dashing down freeway
officials investigating hugh hefner's death suspect foreplay
completely unrealistic tv character has complex, multifaceted personality
new bin laden tape contains three previously unreleased monologues
china's sexiest panda obliterates own record in latest sex romp
women in business q&a: laura tenison, founder and managing director, jojo maman bébé
sir mix-a-lot wasn't trying to speak for women with 'baby got back'
churchgoing widows: what gets them hot?
naked man sleeps and drinks whiskey on subway (nsfw)
patton oswalt wants you to know 'you're a f**king child' if you don't vote because you hate hillary
ball park franks introduces new foot-wide hotdogs
ariana grande issues 'donut fiasco' apology video that doesn't explain donut-licking
cuba to buy car
army judge rules trump comments have not influenced bergdahl case
'the chew' co-host wants her kids to know moms can be more than mothers
al-qaeda marching band to join macy's parade after incredible audition
congress approves $15 billion medicruelty
taco bell: more than just fast food
pier 1 issues formal apology for rattan death march
indian sweatshop worker has to work in the fucking dark now too
loser can't even get wife pregnant
woman in ninth year of letting boyfriend down easy
things come apart so easily: asghar farhadi's about elly
owner pleads with cat to react to fuzzy object
authorities believe man radicalized while serving 18 years in congress
gross national product surpassed by grotesque national byproducts
maintaining neutrality in the new york times, from jill abramson (video)
philip morris introduces new marlboro sinus pm cigarettes
man who got 6-figure book deal from his tumblr account has the fucking nerve to appear on national television
2015 mix queer experimental film festival coming to nyc
executioner enters lethal injection room with bag from home depot
report: middle east quickly running out of land area for violence to spill over to
8 adorable dogs playing in the snow
vacationing man misses own remote control
emails show richard spencer bounced a $10,565 check for florida event
10 sustainable etsy stores you should support
boarding school student receives wet william
prince charles thinks boys are finally old enough to hear what happened to their mother
family worried where grandma going with conversation on low-income housing
plastic bag still up in tree
obama, biden endorse tammy duckworth for senate
a muslim american mother's fears and hopes at dawn of the trump era
10 things that really make my head explode
here's why you shouldn't take selfies with pythons
jim morrison stares creepily out of apartment window
hillary clinton sends pizza to fans camping out overnight for her book signing
7 ways college kids home for the summer are exactly like mice
the secret to successful co-parenting over the holidays
mc serch updates list of gas-face recipients
'dear white people' cast, crew honor jordan edwards with scholarship fund
department of defense unveils $83 million thing that shoots
picasso's nude portrait of a pubescent girl sells for $115 million against backdrop of me too
jimmy kimmel can't soften daca opponents, even with a cute baby
one-year-old still waiting for father's first words
poll: 98% of people picture run-down strip mall parking lot when word 'america' said
g.w. bush: 'not your government's choice' if you worship or not
demoted cop unsure why desk job considered punishment
rescued baby bird wearing out welcome
fda approves female-libido-enhancing man
liability waiver carefully lowered into mine shaft
spanx introduces new shapewear hood to smooth unsightly heads
a gay couple opens up about building their beautiful family
the clinton campaign is in 'the barrel.' they have a plan to get out.
mitch mcconnell admits zika legislation is not clean
satan to revise bar code system
martin o'malley fails to make ohio's presidential primary ballot
bernie sanders took a walk through freddie gray's neighborhood. here's what residents think about it.
tea party movement hopelessly divided into enraged, apoplectic factions
nbc relocates 'nightly news' to trump tower, for a night
u.s. life expectancy falls as more people die from illnesses
a nobel prize for sustainable fashion
bin laden returns to sea
report: thinking about way you look all the time burns 5,000 calories an hour
cat who seems a little grumpy today dying of esophageal cancer
melania trump mocked for 'teach kids to be responsible digital citizens' tweet
lea delaria can make you feel butch without all of the hard work
mckinney police officer involved in pool party incident resigns
suspected austin bomber dead in confrontation with police
ally sheedy knows you still think of her as an '80s basket case
6 ugly facts about the jets' latest debacle
learned sage points out that powerball not as much after taxes
god loses decision-making coin
allison schmitt proves depression doesn't have to hold you back
bankrupt toys 'r' us forced to euthanize thousands of hatchimals
concept car designers struggling to think of cool new ways for doors to open
7 poses to help you keep your new year's intentions
for palestinians, there is no leaving on a jet plane
brian boitano sobs quietly in dark
june, weddings and father's day
how to grocery shop for lasting beauty
parenting in the time of viral
connecticut governor says gun restrictions passed after newtown shooting earned him support
editors of '401 best soups' cookbook still fighting
with a trump presidency hanging in the balance, latino groups push for historic turnout
obama administration tries to smooth path back to school for jailed students
republicans set to lose senate control
she dropped everything to come fight for immigration reform. she's still waiting.
wedding invitation includes depressing map to church
police seek suspect in series of random later hostings
finding the common thread
jennifer lopez billboard music awards 2015 gown is super see-through, obvi
serena williams knocked out of olympics in stunning third-round loss
michael bloomberg's 2016 ambitions may shake up the race -- and his media company
climate change threatens the newest prescription for children: time outdoors
selena gomez and james corden's rollercoaster karaoke is quite a ride
wrinkle-free pants didn't think they'd be tested quite this much
cat placed on 5 minutes' half-assed observation after possibly ingesting plastic thing
mueller loses visual on oval office camera after trump spills a1 sauce on bust of winston churchill
polio could be stopped worldwide by year's end, says gates foundation
woman been thinking about getting bangs for past 8 years
classic boring
baby can already tell crib he's in going to be recalled
3 summer trends anyone can pull off
libertarian reluctantly calls fire department
coroner's report: john denver had sunshine on shoulders at time of crash
man has no idea what to do with good mood
bee attack sends 3 to the hospital
christopher cross finally reaches mexican border
white male privilege squandered on job at best buy
annoying coworker precedes all nouns with 'quite the'
area man killed in committee
new york liberty players wear #blacklivesmatter shirts before their game
limits or limitless?
doing the santa wrap
love for jesus inspires honk
40 symptoms of a healthy woman
alan turing and the five sigma theory of progress
steven tyler says he just wants joe perry to live after latest health scare
man who jumped fence was able to enter the white house
trump's 'woman card' remark drives $2.4 million in fundraising -- for hillary clinton
jpmorgan chase acquires bear stearns in tedious-to-read news article
nation's drunk strangers announce plans to agree with anything one another says
if you're graduating this year, you need to read this
historic senator robert byrd imploded in controlled demolition
rep. elijah cummings: police-community relations is the 'civil rights cause of this generation'
meg whitman compares donald trump to hitler, mussolini
10 notable books of 2016 on black women's history
obituary cites teen's love of music, cars
newly tenured professor now inspired to work harder than ever
follow-up tests confirm president trump's 19 other personalities also perfectly healthy
race relations: forgetting ferguson, remembering 1967, contemplating the future
grandfather tries to make first fall as cool-looking as possible
how black girls vote is getting young voters to the poll
fine-tuning our tour program
8 latinas every american woman should thank
ama: plastic surgery 'only a few years away' from making someone look better
'so fuckin' sorry to hear about this shit,' reads outpouring of sympathetic texts from scaramucci's friends, family
slightly overweight middle-aged woman really carrying rest of church choir
congressional candidate distances himself from 'atheist' label
scientists get first-ever glimpse of elusive mineral
army soldier's lover allegedly stabbed his wife to death: fbi
exhausted olympian finally decides to rent pyeongchang hotel room instead of flying home to america each night
obama in hiroshima: a visit to honor, not apologize
new york mets gm sandy alderson collapses during news conference
unlikely team of allies unite to take on airport gate agent
the history of the baby name 'stormi'
grassroots activists are leading the way on the addiction crisis
celine dion served luxurious cat food in crystal goblet
spring has sprung in the arctic ... but it's way too early for it
obama's fifth gulf coast visit really helps a lot
no more adult conversations, prayers or moments of silence
why did wikileaks name 'country x' when glenn greenwald wouldn't?
bumble bee tuna celebrates 10,000th supermarket circular cover
pudgy doughboy with rosy red cheeks presses nose up against window of chocolate shop
apple fritter season is here, and so are the recipes you'll need
'this will be the end of trump's campaign,' says increasingly nervous man for seventh time this year
president barack obama backs expanding social security
woman longs for caress of boyfriend's dry, cracked, bleeding hands
entirety of man's personal data protected by reference to third season of 'the west wing'
ariel castro failed by system
entertainment-history buffs re-enact battle of the network stars
seth meyers ridicules mike pence for going all 'love actually' on trump
pfizer is abandoning controversial plan
watch prince harry and rihanna get tested for hiv together
mila kunis and kate mckinnon are the world's worst action heroes in new trailer
papa john's now offering 3-day home delivery
trump's evangelical advisors urged him to protect dreamers
national front leader: france must 'annihilate' islamist radicals
mississippi town rejects 'historic' lgbtq pride parade despite local support
4 reasons hallmark movies saved my holiday spirit
hpps social shares - test 2
mark twain's fascinating letter to walt whitman
palin brushing up on foreign policy at epcot
new little caesars marketing strategy has employees throw themselves on hoods of passing cars
a plethora of patio plants
kim kardashian reveals how she thinks robbers planned her attack
stephen hawking's disability wasn't something to 'overcome'
isis used chemical weapons in syria: monitor
nation's journalists remember quaint time when 'huffington post' seemed like death of news industry
government admits to hiding embarrassingly lame 1973 extraterrestrial encounter
a brief and spooky history of the word 'boo'
black friday 2015: the best deals around the web
historical archives: popular hymns heard sung of late.
pyer moss puts on yet another powerful fashion show, this time tackling mental health and depression
white house: 'for russia, the real sanction is knowing that they let us down'
gop operatives aren't so sure that trump even wants to win
friday talking points -- meet brian schweitzer
personal trainer has desk
dustin lance black has great reply after being told two men shouldn't raise kids
man charged after found with rosie o'donnell's daughter chelsea
bank of america introduces new $50 underdraft fee
new body negativity campaign promotes idea that ugliness comes in all shapes and sizes
sunday roundup
the key to chip and joanna gaines' marriage isn't really a secret
police union chief: tamir rice family should use settlement funds on gun education for kids
how can businesses build trust?
florida county asks judge to clarify gay marriage ruling
dog not sure it ready to tackle whatever happened to man at work today
prince harry shows guest to air mattress in corner of windsor castle
american citizens split on doj memo authorizing government to kill them
look: we asked you to show us what you're thankful for... and the responses are beautiful
antidepressant can't believe it's expected to fix this mess all on its own
'spy' director paul feig thinks it's 'ridiculous' women don't get the same opportunities he does
man struggling to pierce orange peel with fingernail under impression he could kill if he had to
7 books every middle-aged person should read this summer
how apps can cause us to take fewer risks in the game of life
18 things that whisk us back to the summers of our youth
vatican quickly performs damage control on pope's tolerant remarks
evidence linking alleged florida shooter to white supremacist group is really thin
crumpled-up potato chip bag spotted in bathroom trash can
stormy daniels, flouting nda, details trump affair to '60 minutes'
tearful anthropologists discover dead ancestor of humans 100,000 years too late
this poet doesn't care if you're tired of hearing about race
bill cosby feeling better now
magical rainbow ring caught on camera from drone
my grandmother taught me to love mississippi, but our state flag represents hate
why it's ridiculous to report on every poll coming out of new hampshire
some truly bizarre anti-gay arguments before the supreme court
playground treated to hot pug-on-pug action
affordable living in great amazon rainforest location
federal judge tosses 'clock kid' ahmed mohamed's discrimination lawsuit
police continue search for missing gunman
another poll: the continuing, debilitating impact of workplace stress
report: 250 million americans still need guests on their podcasts this week
israel tells african migrants, asylum-seekers to leave or go to jail
everyone in friend group drinking solely so they can tolerate each other
j.f.k. high cougars to go, fight, win
'you did the best you could,' says iron man action figure voiced by despondent toys 'r' us ceo packing up office
siblings patiently waiting for day they'll be close to each other
the harvey weinstein scandal should be a message to all men
god excited about first trip to japan
man basks in triumphant glory after purchases line up to exact value of gift card
cashier learning valuable but illegal job skills
retiree gearing up for errands with lady friend
man's bloodstream enjoys hour-long intermission between coffee, alcohol blitzes
chris christie emits loud sob as paul ryan asks crowd whether they worse off now than they were 4 years ago
france-bound airliner grounded at amsterdam over threatening tweet
u.s. pushes security council for new north korea sanctions
ben carson leading in iowa, new surveys find
morbidly obese man recommends you read the hobbit
edison electric institute's anti-solar, pr spending revealed
nation admits there could be a little less porn
do we sleep better on the solstice?
israel: soldier thought captured is dead, more fighting imminent
sheryl crow's freshness date expires
why an 83-year-old woman walked into a police station looking for a hug
parents of 6-year-old sorely regretting purchase of knock-knock-joke book
how to dress like an nfl superfan and still look good
new evidence suggests early humans first used fire to impress friends
grocery-store freezer's white castle section a wreck
the u.s., cuba, and strategic foreign policy
pope francis wears miter with faceshield to comply with new vatican safety measures
cancer topples chavez in bloodless coup
exhibitionist zoo elephants waiting for crowd to gather before screwing
suspect in stockholm truck attack confesses to terrorist crime, lawyer says
why we march
most americans think donald trump shouldn't have to sell his companies to be president
website's built-in search engine just pathetic
trump associates face growing concern and frustration over donald jr. crisis
candidate to accuse opponent of racism just to see what happens
a new massachusetts 'sustainable energy' coalition is really a front for gas interests
area mofo announces plans to chill
russell simmons leads 'i am a muslim too' rally in new york
this weekend, go to the movies
'i used food to make myself feel better, but i felt worse when i ate'
gunman opens fire in own mcdonald's
huffpollster: hillary clinton leads nationally, struggles in some battleground states
challenging the warsaw pact from within
45-year-old man self-conscious, embarrassed by new, unexpected changes his body going through
bungling bicycle-riding robbery suspect is foiled by wet weather
ask a queer chick: my mom says i'm claiming to be trans for 'attention'
'bathroom bill' inspires north carolina rep to come out as bisexual
woman feels guilty after switching brands
vacationing detective just going to pretend like he didn't even see dead body in the woods
women in business q&a: stephanie teuwen president and co-founder, teuwen communications
trio of cutups attempts to hide horse from landlord
military recruiter doesn't have to dig too far into bag of tricks to land this one
taylor hatala and larsen thompson 'run the world' with killer new dance routine
jon snow has been battling white walkers while wearing an ikea rug
u.s.-backed syrian militias take back raqqa from isis
germany arrests three islamic state members connected to paris attacks
pope francis thinks you spend too much time on facebook
last-minute super bowl party décor
when being beautiful might count against you
the world's most dangerous path is reopening to hikers
man who faced 20 years for marijuana possession freed after legal battle
'entertainment weekly' critic lets director redo 'sorority row' for better grade
report: we could probably just have computer pick president
grandma still swallowing okay, grandpa reports
mother provides adult son with list of questions to ask doctor
defiant londoners sit in the street for ramadan evening meal after high-rise fire
grumblethor the mischievous pleased with mayhem his magical antics have wrought upon white house–fbi relations
gay marriage finds scant mention among republicans at values voter summit
ed sheeran now has a massive lion tattoo on his chest (update)
nuns and advocates protest planned pipeline by erecting a chapel in its path
area man loses all control of face while thinking
nation to try channeling outrage over gun control into issue that can actually be addressed
5-year-old with cancer becomes 'belle of the ball' at magical birthday
insatiable water droplet barrels down windowpane consuming everything in its path
dangerous and delusional
crazy cheap deal: fly to 10 countries in 30 days for just $160
#talktome: my mom and i discuss life's biggest challenges and happiest moments
department of education hires art teacher to spread evenly across all u.s. public schools
hillary clinton's barking dog impression is totally paw-some
terrifying tornado gives couple a proposal story they'll never forget
evangelical haggard claims he was molested by republican congressman
grimacing congressman quickly drafts legislation for charley-horse research
mitt romney announces he's running for his life
career-driven man beginning to worry entire identity no longer tied to job
pope francis clarifies that god just one of many immortal beings who speak to him every day
'holy shit, the government owes me 50 million dollars,' reports man incorrectly filling out his taxes
parents are loving this touching letter written from a newborn's perspective
grindr now offers reminders for users to get regular hiv tests
trembling, pallid rnc attendees undergo second day of firearm withdrawal
conan o'brien receives rough reception in haiti, because of donald trump
recording academy reminds aging musicians to die before december 15 to be included in 2017 grammy tributes
man always gets little rush out of telling people john lennon beat wife
trump reportedly called germans 'very bad,' vowed to stop german car sales in the u.s.
late night hosts gave donald trump the best gags for his 71st birthday
news report on wartime atrocity even more powerful for its brevity
scott walker's terrible, no good, very bad week
making your post-breakup masterpiece, one location permit at a time
cheney orders motorcade to gun it over half-open drawbridge
ben carson slowly floats away from earth
fierce 'frozen'-themed t-ball team photo goes viral
every bill reminds congressman of ex-wife
report: music industry made $18 in 2009
trump boys ransack mueller's office to steal answer key to questions for their dad
jessica biel says son silas definitely takes after his dad, justin timberlake
supreme court to hear challenge to public sector unions
man's body running out of ideas to convince him he full
investigation exposes ebay user for selling fake pulitzer medals
how to live the good life in this mexican retirement paradise
samsung smart tv owner learning about majority of features from leaked cia documents
grown man refers to map at beginning of novel to find out where ruined castle of arnoth is located
trump: 'it's my honor to deliver the first-ever state of the union'
world prematurity day 2014: taking action for newborns born too soon
new epa study finds 98% of u.s. mop water fucking nasty as hell
career spider not sure she's ready for 3,000 children at this point
notre dame terror suspects planned attack on paris train station, france says
city to issue deep, meaningful municipal bonds
dad claims kingdom so 7-year-old can be real princess
stolen tour bus leads police on chase of historic downtown philadelphia
politicians bash donald trump over use of 'pocahontas' slur at navajo event
drink me now: go green with pistachios
nation just goes ahead and decides 'freedom prevails over hate' is lesson of 9/11
donald trump: if the economy is gonna explode, let it happen quickly
homesick trump stays up all night on phone with automated mar-a-lago reservations line
naturist retreat ends in boner
this enchanting 'beauty and the beast' proposal is pure fairy tale magic
tina frost, las vegas shooting victim, wakes from coma
star trek introduces alien character with totally different forehead wrinkles
tilda swinton isn't in this clip from 'a bigger splash,' but watch it anyway
how to get a bikini body without buying a bikini body plan
study: majority of new marine life species now discovered while cleaning oil spills
study: boyfriends who aren't speaking are thinking about ending relationship 90% of time
where does chicago go after more than 750 homicides?
family receives 38-piece astrazeneca assorted pill sampler
testing the teacher
anatomy of an 'uncoupling'
fox news meteorologist slams woman who said her legs are 'too fat'
blood-soaked mayor bloomberg announces homelessness no longer a problem in new york city
westminster dog show finalists form elite iditarod team
deceased souls backed up at river styx ferry crossing during underworld transit strike
every tomboy's guide to being a modern lady
hanes unveils w-neck t-shirt
nicolas sarkozy promises nationwide ban of burkinis if elected
comic liz miele's animated series 'damaged' celebrates first season
3 simple steps to teaching your child the art of persistence
thursday's morning email: justice department takes aim at lgbtq rights
the best men's sunglasses looks for summer
is a college degree really the best investment?
seasonal depression to take over for chronic depression for a few months
6 older celebs who stole the show at the golden globes
thank you, america
man wearing sunglasses upside down on back of head still recovering from paul walker's death
rand paul eats up hoax that john mccain met with isis
after seeing this, you're going to want to run to banana republic
'snl' version of angela merkel is not happy donald trump is time's 'person of the year'
grab your wine boxes, because 'will & grace' is back
woman only willing to learn new things in settings called boot camp
roommate all into cycling now
facebook clarifies site not intended to be users' primary information source
modern gym manners: 8 etiquette tips for your workout
the 'g word' project maps hundreds of gender stories
stephen colbert is just as worried about the new citizenship law as fox news
why today's parents have no business giving their kids advice
mom figures it about time to sit down adolescent daughter and explain how weight watchers points work
heavy police presence in ferguson to ensure residents adequately provoked
morning after morning after pill re-impregnates guilt-ridden women
area man could have made same meal at home but worse
hmm, there may be a link between vaccines and political pandering
creating is a drug
exit from apartment delayed 20 seconds to avoid pleasantries with neighbor
trump tells australia prime minister that he 'hates taking' refugees
nude model suspects she's posing for civics class
vote, voter wasted
'you're my best friend,' says obama to drone that appears outside bedroom window every night
mcdonald's just caved to a ton of pissed off 'rick & morty' fans
let the past be your teacher
what i understood about a father-daughter relationship only after my father passed away
plan for future still involves drumming for lifehouse
how good do you want to be?
israeli forces kill palestinian youth wielding knife at checkpoint
delicate little man kept awake all night by having coffee after four o'clock
the best decluttering advice we've heard
jetblue is offering $49 flights in a 2-day flash sale
surgeon general recommends twisting head far enough until you hear little pop
alex delarge forced to step down as leader of droogs amidst allegations of sexual misconduct
dying baboon pretty low on heart-transplant list
tornado creeped out by man who keeps following it in truck and filming it
thumbtack on carpet still at large
shocking 'nashville' cliffhanger might be connie britton's swan song
why russell simmons wants trump to win the gop nomination
breaking: cousin mark coming after all
many animals harmed in catering of film
monday matters: adorable kitten and dog grow up together, the white house celebrates marriage equality and a psa for forgiveness
jimmy kimmel uses theater to make sense of donald trump's border troops plan
nerd has most obscure crush ever
running from your past: read this magical novel
we could see michelle obama in all of these designs
iowa supreme court strikes down telemedicine abortion ban
important piece of paper tragically smudged with breadstick grease
study finds not acting like total fucking moron most attractive quality in potential mate
if men menstruated, would periods still be taboo?
bleary-eyed coworker up all night generating more work for you
popular new amazon service just comes to your house and kills you
nbc obtains video claiming to show anti-isis raid that killed u.s. operative
hometown wistfully toured via google street view
marvel releases full-sized teaser for 'ant-man' trailer
isis laid booby-traps all over mosul to kill, injure returning civilians
education department tells states: if students don't take tests, you will lose funding
landlord not convinced heat isn't working
trump's deal with democrats gives proof to fans and critics alike
patton oswalt uses icky sauna analogy to describe donald trump
family thought grandfather might enjoy watching worst little league game imaginable
texas to execute man for murdering boy and drinking his blood
he's baaaaack!
mc hammer is actually afraid of hammers
4 couscous recipes for every meal of the day
recurring zhang ziyi fantasy always involves getting kicked in the face
killer swears girl was in two pieces when he left her
nbc to add dateline: flursday
epa releases annual list of cities where tap water probably fine to drink but tastes kinda off
new dating site suggests people you already know but thought you were too good for
one man's quest to document the highways that tore his city apart
dick clark still sitting there
texas officials really, really want you to know sandra bland had marijuana in her system
newlyweds regret saving sex for marriage
family dog barking at evil
song and dance for leprosy education
researchers find that spanking your children is incredibly fun
humane society board members quit over failure to oust ceo for harassment
overweight man receives 'lose weight fast' spam e-mail featuring his picture
texas moves to block medicaid funding for planned parenthood
politicians call for schneiderman to resign over physical abuse allegations
banksy exhibit inspires ex-drug addict to change his own life through art
area woman's baseless hatred of anne hathaway reciprocated
this teacher is weary
dog dies on united flight after passenger forced to put carrier in overhead bin
the single greatest threat to our national security is donald trump
bunch of people apparently saw that brendan fraser mummy movie
report: many jobs lack benefits to cut
pfizer mercifully puts down another batch of trial patients
staples brings on extra staff to sit around and do nothing for busy back-to-school season
bill kristol: rand paul 'is totally overrated' for 2016
military-industrial complex recalls coming together in aftermath of 9/11
when to fight with a kid and when to just give up
report: someone needs to get chips and dip away from area man
the washington post's slimy assault on gary webb
cocksucker beats up motherfucker
trump raises concern over members of urban communities voting more than zero times
5 of the most interesting restaurants in the world
sanders impresses florida voters by jumping from hotel balcony into pool
firefighters gaining ground against california's deadliest ever blazes
man hates being put in position where he has to think, feel, or act
zenefits once told employees: no sex in stairwells
donald trump: the president of id
why can't you sleep? the 8 top reasons for insomnia
teen makes clever remark during science class
successful u.s. airstrike kills 30 iraqis who may as well have been terrorists
the enigmatic art of josef koudelka
trump says muslim judges also might not be fair to him
biden shares 20-minute post-debate kiss with janna ryan
watching tv shows on dvd the way to do it, area man reports
this trans supermodel was outed in the '80s, lost everything and became a pioneer
70-year-old woman decides it time to start dressing entirely in purple
new u.s.-russia military talks seen on syria air safety
hey, taylor swift, caitlyn jenner got a call from kanye too
red carpet organizers regret only renting one porta potty
eagles of death metal give emotional first interview since paris attack
congressman boehner's terror alert skin set back to orange
cost of freedom at all-time high
north korea releases new paintings of healthy kim jong il
new chrome extension blocks out names, photos of mass shooters
here's why hillary clinton's federal reserve plan is a big deal
puerto ricans without power for month can only assume this leading story across national news media
the rock announced his 2020 presidential bid on 'snl' (kind of)
princess charlotte is 'bonding' quite a lot with new baby brother
the time is ripe for a nonprofit revolution
dhs: individual al-qaeda operative assigned to each american family
december's people
report: you're supposed to tip supermarket cashiers, you son of a bitch
holiday blues: spirituality to the rescue
cadbury's chocolate will no longer be imported from the u.k. and everyone is depressed
negligent oaf sloppily packs away board game without so much as a thought to future players
hobby lobby, climate change, and the gop's women problem
opposition protesters rally in venezuela against president maduro
alcohol-themed bar opens
the warped environmentalism of america's biggest industrial meat producer
snoop dogg to perform at dnc, courtesy of big pharma
mousy brunette removes glasses, becomes sizzling sexpot
sears extremists fly plane into willis tower
clinton makes pact with savages
what everyone should know about life with a brain injury
jared leto doesn't 'give a f**k' about taylor swift
the republican plan for higher education: less red tape and less money
is 'the happiest man in america' still happy?
atheists sue pennsylvania house after being barred from giving opening invocations
this law lets abused animals get their own advocates in court
passion with which child demanding balloon actually kind of inspiring
eric swalwell wins re-election bid
watch the first trailer for bill murray's 'a very murray christmas' netflix special (update)
how to clean out your closet: what to ditch and what to keep
dad's marine corps training evident during christmas-present opening
is the king solomon story really about mediating or judging?
heinz introduces industrial-sized ketchup packet
stephen curry thinks the warriors will lose before the panthers
eagles of death metal singer does groveling 180 on 'pathetic' parkland survivors
part two: engaged employees: your company's no. 1 competitive advantage
we'd like to get our hands on these stephen colbert 'col-bears'
10-year-old first responders rush to bike crash scene to check out tyler's fucked-up leg
boeing lays off only guy who knows how to keep wings on plane
humble ascetic declines in-flight beverage service
david axelrod's view inside the economic storm obama inherited in 2009
goldman sachs announces they're blowing up a nursing home and there's nothing anyone can do about it
man captures ross perot, is granted three wishes
jon stewart and 9/11 responders walk the halls of congress
nation suddenly realizes it never had to worry about john mccain dying over past 8 years if he'd become president
turkish actor thinks he's cüneyt fucking arkin
this crazy thing happened when i quit diet coke
'whoisdsharp' injects some viral vine violin into huffpost 6x60
liberal lion on donald trump's least favorite court lets him have it on immigration
5 things you miss about married life as a divorced mom
trump catches self briefly believing own campaign rhetoric
scientists agree this is the most effective diet for weight loss
god announces plans to take a few millennia to focus on storms
how battles over god, guns and gays infiltrated corporate america
chrissy teigen is thankful she can now filter out the haters on instagram
what 'scandalous' changes could be coming to the catholic church?
entertainment tonight host 'can't wait' to see new paramount pictures release
rip, ms paint
geologists say continents may have drifted apart after emotional falling-out
lamar odom to document his road to recovery in new reality series
let's get down to business and meet disney's new mulan
oatmeal breakfast bars packed with protein
bad to the bone to be used in film
breaking: adam got a ps4 for christmas
shotgun blast to abdomen just pisses wilford brimley off more
wine cooler goes straight to dental-office receptionist's head
7 things i learned while making a movie about pregnancy loss
huffpost pollster - polls and charts
hillary clinton wins northern mariana islands democratic caucus
white high school football players accused of coat hanger assault on black, disabled teammate
amazing original thing to become hated cliché in 6 months
nation happily reassured that exxonmobil made profits of $44.9 billion in 2012
candy purchase puts yet more money in raisinets' bloated coffers
rescue team saves boy dangling from ski lift in dramatic video
new legislation would shut down u.s. education system, give each american student $3,000 to start own small business
missing girl elected to aruban parliament
what older men want young men to know about love
cnn launches 'cnn for the shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel' news channel
before sunrise in vienna, austria
a joyous eid in somalia: ugaaso abukar boocow's instagram photos capture the celebrations in mogadishu
registered child sex offenders will soon have convictions noted on their passports
senate grapples with tax cut plan's impact on federal deficit
obama explains difference between police reform and 'war on cops'
man not himself until he has so much coffee he feels like he's going to die
snl praised for 'draw muhammad' skit
elizabeth warren reveals why she just had to attend donald trump's inauguration
are you living your divorce or living your life?
a hi-tech veggie burger so good, it'll convert meat eaters
what not to do during an interview
exhausted doctor to wake up early, finish surgery in morning
area woman can't understand concept of suggested donation
power companies could use drones to save lives, cut costs
local play well-attended by friends, family
firefighters turned away from exclusive nightclub blaze
speculation on name of royal baby ends
lowe's debuts new travel plunger with collapsible handle
local man hates self, family, others
clinton says badtz-maru may be his favorite sanrio character
7 essential rules for a long-lasting marriage
rex tillerson shoots mike pompeo quick email explaining all the countries
'tall women in clogs' busts stereotypes about height, gender and more
the ocean's gentle giant
no climate justice, no peace
the predictable blowback from supporting sectarian authoritarianism in bahrain
we must increase food aid during time of famine
excercise ball all the way over there
kerry washington: being an artist 'doesn't mean i should have less of a voice'
a message to trump: regime change will not work in syria
state department releases more clinton emails
man tries to kill spider with lighter, starts gas station blaze
sweden to experiment with six-hour workday
joan moran: how to give yourself the gift of time
loose-lipped rudy giuliani does not represent u.s. on foreign policy, warns state department
papa john's comes under fire for cruel treatment of the bulbous, deformed creatures that lactate pizza sauce
members of u2 to stare in different directions
20 ways not to talk to your teenage daughter - then how to fix things
u.s. to arab world: 'stop hating us or suffer the consequences'
frustrated hope hicks wishing she could find one nice guy in this autocratic personality cult
can you spot what's wrong with the memphis grizzlies' valentine's day graphic?
bill moyers' departure from tv leaves a huge hole
how to make this the best holiday season money can buy
industrial light & magic creates believable storyline
starting unicorn companies: fireeye
the definitive list of men you'll find at whole foods
epa chief pruitt welcomes delegation of pollution from china
comedian bashes 'snl' for not casting an openly gay man in over 30 years
ivanka trump suggests her father will change labor laws to benefit women
man breaks out dating boxers
researchers discover female frogs prefer mate who knows way around the cloaca
god pledges $5,000 for cancer research
national pork council: many americans suffer from pork deficiency
deputy who flipped spring valley high student acted reprehensibly, school officials say
thoughts on 54 below, 'blood brothers' and cabaret
mohawked rex tillerson warns u.s. democracy threatened by plutocratic fascist pigs fucking over the working man
smitten foot fetishist thinking these may be the two
this slo-mo watermelon vs. mortar is another kind of food porn
how many women does it take to change a cable news host?
university of texas professors sue to block guns in classrooms
nation suspects leads in local high school play may be dating
literally no one from the white house wants to defend trump on tv right now
area woman has more than 200 products to help calm her
ice agents feeling a little hurt that trump doesn't think they're doing enough to terrorize hispanics
what's your story?
gop recommends americans set aside income from one of their jobs to pay for healthcare under new bill
north korea's internet is back up after mass cyber attack
new extended paternity leave offers dads more time to lose colleagues' respect
charlton heston gets serious
man trapped under boulder braces for possible good morning america interview
scooby-doo movie says being a size 8 is a curse
biden arrives early to set up state of the union fog machine
funeral held for door shot 4 times by oscar pistorius
happy valentine's day, weirdo!
gunfire erupts in ferguson after protester is struck by car
king latifah returns for wife
this disorder feels like 'being awake inside a corpse'
wendy williams faints on live tv dressed as the statue of liberty
boyfriend forced to express secondhand outrage
prison escapee appears in court
ikea ceo wants new desk on his desk by end of day
the end of innocence: taking the bystanding out of bullying
#trybeatingmelightly shows pakistani women won't stand for wife-beating bill
political cartoonist's wife finds disturbing nude drawings of uncle sam
put a summer spin on your regular old salsa
protester heckles joe biden over son's death from brain cancer
palestinians suspicious of al-aqsa surveillance promoted by kerry
body slams, ballots, and belated apologies in montana
neurosurgeon heckled from observation deck
breaking: thriller writer jeffery deaver at top of his game
woman decides period over
sierra leone burns down
zales introduces new line of casual dating diamond rings
asian-american cops sue california police department over discrimination
12 comics to remind you that you're a flawed but amazing human being
rubio refutes claim he soft on immigration by dragging undocumented worker he knocked out cold onto stage
kitchenaid unveils spring-loaded toaster that allows rad high schoolers to grab breakfast in midair while leaving house
good cop, avid-stamp-collector cop routine not working
it kind of sweet ceo thinks he doing good job
with police body cameras, d.c. mayor promises transparency with caveats
barbara boxer tells bob corker it's 'reckless' and 'irresponsible' to vote now on iran bill
can't go wrong with a cheeseburger, area man reports
our 10 favorite post-gay movies
four emergency workers barred from duty following nypd chokehold death
arab-american third-grader returns from recess crying, saying he didn't kill anyone
girlfriend's dad pretty hot
hollywood executive: we should have done more to stop harvey weinstein
donald trump's theory on catching hackers gives cybersecurity pros the giggles
preventing 'madmen' from getting their hands on nuclear material
admit it, trump supporters, you got duped
just how is obama's foreign policy a failure?
these backseat taxi photos are an incredible fashion time capsule
the role dreams play in our daily lives
completely unfair that man ended up on sex offender registry just for public urination on a child
mark zuckerberg prepares for congressional testimony by poring over lawmakers' personal data
journalists flock to cnn debate they could better watch from home
obama trying out social policies in 'second life'
texan feels emotionally empty after chili cook-off
poke with stick confirms raccoon's death
mike pence has long heart-to-heart with staffer who came to work with coffee on breath
doris duke & norton simon: kindred spirits a world apart
mark hamill joins 'star wars' fans at disneyland, and they totally freak out
in u.s. visit, theresa may calls on trump to stand united
justice department sues to block at&t's merger with time warner
d-wade, udonis haslem, and lebron opt out
new study finds being on cover of 'people' magazine best predictor of revealing all
watch justin timberlake literally do the robot in 'filthy' music video
symphony orchestra simply cannot wait for collaboration with john mellencamp
putting ice cream in bowl momentarily considered
storm harvey could financially hurt already strained houston hospitals
people with disabilities have a hard time finding jobs, and this company is doing something about it
u.s. government sets aside 600,000 acres of pristine land for future generations to pollute
fda declares munchos to be good source of disodium guanylate
dad immediately hands phone to mom
madonna gives birth to million-dollar marketing scheme
on the margins of the margins: refugees with intellectual disabilities
marco rubio knows exactly what he's doing
area woman not a morning, afternoon, or night person
woman getting stood up on first date got all drunk for nothing
podcast review: no such thing as a fish
flea market vendor could possibly let unidentifiable lump go for $15
how trump really feels about queer people, explained in one sentence
taylor swift mourns death of boyfriend christopher dorner
hillary clinton, bernie sanders gloss over context, disagree on details in democratic debate
rosemary farina - creating a signature for success
knee osteoarthritis treatment shows promise in early trial
84 great danes rescued in new hampshire in 'worst' squalor
senator misses simpler time when he could do abominable things in peace
new tandem mobility scooter released
pastor blasts supreme court's gay wedding cake case in unhinged rant
woman went into labor on beach in nice during attack
'we can have differences of opinion and still respect each other,' says betrayer of the one true cause
studio admits entire israeli-palestinian conflict just marketing campaign for 'you don't mess with the zohan' that got out of hand
bill o'reilly defends 'well-fed' slaves remark, blames 'far-left' media for attacks
another fire rages at texas chemical factory
home sex tape watched once
dolphin spends amazing vacation swimming with stockbroker
man takes free thing he doesn't want
the innocent victims of europe's refugee crisis
stressed-out cvs back to selling cigarettes after only 3 months
'butt crack bandit' caught on camera holding duo at gunpoint
exxon mobil told to hand over decades of climate documents in major legal blow
here's the 'hocus pocus' remake you never knew you wanted
justin trudeau is king of the political sock game no more
planet explodes
news roundup for august 29, 2017
fighting and airstrikes continue throughout yemen as dialogue remains distant
these chicago landmarks are open to the public for the first time in decades
justin bieber invites controversy with cornrow pic
males circumcised to reduce hiv risk in mozambique shift gender norms surrounding sex
massachusetts is offering a model for how doctors can talk to their patients about guns
cruz likely to block trump on a second ballot at gop convention
middle east crisis traced to trouble-making genie
the 'artisanal' school supplies list
robert mueller ascends into sky with umbrella after trump family promises they learned lesson about honesty
5 things to do the minute you retire
emile hirsch sentenced to 15 days in jail after pleading guilty to assault
do you suffer from obsessive trump disorder?
camp counselor assigning kids to horses like wise town matchmaker presiding over marriage
new yorker releases cover it would have run if hillary clinton had won
scottish leader demands new referendum on independence
winston churchill's grandson introduces a new nickname for donald trump
totally not drunk new mexico governor chastises cops for breaking up her hotel party
michael jackson's reputation for punctuality in ruins
cynthia erivo will star in harriet tubman biopic, 'harriet'
this d.c. restaurant just sued trump and his hotel for unfair competition
the workplace revolution: adding company culture to the mix
anticipating clashes with trump, california puts eric holder on retainer
hillary clinton wins endorsement from united food and commercial workers union
president urges calm, restraint among nation's ballad singers
houseguest asks if host has blanket that's never been washed he can use
an army of sophisticated bots is influencing the debate around education
boehner opens door to suing obama over iran deal
after 10 years, here's why i'm over online dating
rugged new sport-utility vehicle takes on mall parking lot
here's one major way the senate is stuck in the past
beautiful birth marred by hideous afterbirth
how to break your internet addiction
twitter introduces red x mark to verify users it's okay to harass
why skipping vaccines is a public, not personal, health choice
trump orders help for chinese phone-maker after china approves money for trump project
4-year search for missing malaysia airlines jet to end next week
'the president can suck my big fat dick,' says rex tillerson in veiled attack on trump
the first gay president
rumsfeld wearing same shirt for fourth straight day
biden tossed out of car passing by white house
kelly clarkson covered 'give me one reason' because she's the best
jebbush.com takes you to donald trump's website
hotel bar really hopping tonight, says hotel bartender
tipper's thumb delivered to gore campaign headquarters
two thumbs down on air nonsense
for city parks, 2014 was the year that was (great)!
let's all get naked and pose like frozen chickens
woman who choked to death alone in apartment kicked out of book club for missing last 2 meetings
dreamers are people, not political footballs
depression, strained finances combine forces to produce grotesque culinary abomination
missing alaska family died in murder-suicide: police
whale won't shut up about time it was beached
plows working around clock to keep new hampshire roads clear of campaign signs
breaking: flight attendant currently attempting to pass cup of cranberry juice over your laptop
8 stats that prove social anxiety needs to be taken seriously
beautiful cinnamon roll too good for this world, too pure
ethiopia to release all political prisoners in bid to foster reconciliation
how much does trump actually work at mar-a-lago? maybe not so much
the white house's security briefing to ahmed mohamed
domino's introduces thanksgiving feast pizza
graffiti artist no longer putting his heart in it
pope asks to be taken off list of world's 100 richest people
postal service unveils new line of stamps honoring americans who still use postal service
how have fame and fortune shaped the business of being an artist?
dry, flavorless cupcake disappointing to last bite
un delivers first food aid to syrians in besieged daraya in years
kim jong un reopens long-closed border hotline with south korea
couple should get dinner with other couple, couple reports
ape appointed banana czar
kit harington just made his proposal to rose leslie sound pretty nsfw
romney volunteers going door-to-door to let obama supporters know president's dead
dog held against will inside skype window
on world food day, take action against hunger
new girlfriend bears disturbing resemblance to old girlfriend
lindsey graham stays up all night running campaign ideas by toll-free telephone operator
president trump's judicial nominees drive samantha bee to drink
romney pledges to replace all foreign policy with jobs right here in america
obamas reunited live on tv for first time since leaving white house
gett: the trial of viviane amsalem or, the craziness of israeli society
frustrated man forced to agree with dumbass political cartoon of statue of liberty hugging immigrants
trump welcomes jefferson davis statue as special state of the union guest
netanyahu meets with donald trump, hillary clinton ahead of first debate
where you live may add to why you smoke
massive magma chamber discovered under yellowstone
'i am under 18' button clicked for first time in history of internet
parents with more vacation time, financial resources want to know when son will come home for a visit
amish woman knew she had quilt sale the moment she laid eyes on chicago couple
robert e. lee was not an 'honorable man.' he was a white supremacist traitor
jimmy fallon reveals the silliest bets his viewers have made
the democrats sang a decades-old hymn of protest during their sit-in
disney unveils first virgin princess
biden puts on lucky debate suit
selena gomez fuels zedd dating rumors with instagram photo
if you want to read this book, you'll have to buy an ipad
man at point where thought of reince priebus controlling white house pretty comforting
only jewish kid in class asked to talk about holocaust remembrance day
unemployed bob barker spends morning watching 'price is right'
fixin's added to food pyramid
ozzy osbourne bites head off five-pound chocolate rabbit
a year after a coward killed the charleston 9, bible study continues
rookie nascar driver gets lost
study: 72 percent of high-fives unwarranted
john grisham calls string of arkansas executions a 'spectacular legal train wreck'
trump ally roger stone says gop nominee should release tax returns 'immediately'
rest in peace leelah alcorn
climate experts say only hope for saving planet lies with people who save napkins from takeout order
ex-trump adviser calls president's claims that informant spied on campaign 'embarrassing'
nurturing mama: 5 ways that taking care of yourself is a gift to your child and family
sighing trump sexual assault accusers announce they'll try coming forward again next week
indian casino one of the saddest places on earth
classmates.com employees don't have heart to tell ceo about facebook
clinton's sight restored
zz top reveals meaning behind classic song 'legs'
law enforcement questions why alton sterling was even black in the first place
6 new jersey newspapers call on christie to resign
damning report claims mexican federal police participated in disappearance of 43 students
beginning or ending? when our kids go off to college
texas lt. gov. not worried about bathroom bill costing the state money
what's really going on with twitter?
democrats push to fold planned parenthood panel after shooting
area gym class prepares for mandatory exposure of penises to peers
lindsey buckingham goes his own way from fleetwood mac
stage door: death of a salesman, hell's belles
springer audience now just chanting 'kill! kill!'
nation's wildlife fleeing to canada
each passenger has own theory about how guy got into first class
12 items to wear on a first date if your goal is to remain single
'octopussy' villain louis jourdan dead at 93
shower head snarls like vicious jungle cat before turning on
republicans reject disclosing findings on trump's business conflicts, russia ties
money spent for old time's sake
hilary duff hints that she could reconcile with mike comrie
a political obituary for the president's son-in-law
ryan reynolds wished his brother a happy birthday the only way he knows how
gold medal burgers you have to make for labor day
grandma in nursing home starts adorable little sexual relationship
'me and earl and the dying girl' -- a film interview
precious little voter needs to feel inspired by candidate
last line of obama's military force request briefly mentions possibility of 25-year quagmire
couple stole $35,000 from missing plane victims, police say
dodd-frank at four
what being a christian means to me: don't worry about the rules; just love
video shows mom kicking child out for voting for trump in mock election
leading drug policy expert endorses marijuana legalization in oregon
swiss threaten ricola embargo
curiosity captures 360-degree panorama from martian dune
international women's day
gruff, no-nonsense teacher only hard on students because he gets off on exploiting power
scientists identify possible cause of huge ice shelf collapse
despite the ugliness, i am staying hopeful in trump's america
near-death experience followed by right-on-the-money death experience
trevor noah: watching rudy giuliani is like smoking weed through the tv
sen. mike lee says trump is 'fully cooperating' with russia investigation
facebook reportedly beta-testing 'downvote' button
every child deserves a fair chance
google grants $1 million to non-profit to bring more black boys to tech
jawa appointed secretary of transportation
james corden honors 'diverse' and 'brilliant' london in wake of terror attack
republicans ready for december shutdown as boehner exits
longtime refugees grateful for citizenship in tanzania
27 pompom hats you'll want to hide under when cold weather hits
new drug offers hope to infertile inner-city teens
republicans freak out at learning reagan decree protects lois lerner
how to become a person of influence
hats, apples, umbrellas, a pipe that is not a pipe: magritte, the magician of art.
google still a long way from meeting diversity goals
this video about worry will really make you think
cvs now selling cheaper, cvs-brand 'people' magazine
fermilab receives generous anonymous particle donation
user experience: hygiene or strategic differentiator?
bird wouldn't have landed on ledge if it had known everyone would make it into whole big thing
the struggle to fit in
neglect of wife, children results in promotion
bartender developing a remarkable tolerance for alcoholics
huffpollster: gallup bows out of primary polling
bush caught in one of his own terror traps
network pushes the 'dumbing it down' envelope
over 450 protesters arrested in tehran during crackdown on anti-government demonstrations
the clothes you're wearing may have been illegally made by syrian refugees
parking-ramp attendant moves slightly
navigating welfare reform, poverty is tricky business
read this before calling your boss a 'nasty motherf**ker'
cash-strapped oklahoma to conduct executions by hammering squad
man confident perfect dating app waiting for him out there somewhere
kanye sends flowers to presidential running mate taylor swift
indian teen caught playing air sitar
13 photos that capture the first moment between moms and their babies
mlb players yordano ventura, andy marte die in separate car crashes
ultra-snuggly 'big hero 6' pillow hugs you right to sleep
bush fishing for compliments during press conference
i was denied entry to a county courthouse because i am a muslim woman
sole remaining lung filled with rich, satisfying flavor
patton oswalt brings late wife's newly published book to her grave
after careful thought, teen applies to college where family donated building
belgian princess damages prime minister's hearing in starter gun incident
new omnigrain cheerios made with every existing grain on earth
monday's morning email: what's next on trump's agenda
here's even more evidence trump is lying about massive voter fraud
people are loving this video of beyoncé and jay-z doing the electric slide
clive cussler realizes latest novel not thrilling 3 hours after sending it to printer
why millennials need to stand out (or what i'd say in a commencement speech)
woman seems too hot to be riding bus
the power of keeping it personal
zapp institute adjusts bounce/ounce ratio
ramadan: religious fervor taken over by media capitalists?
how to get the love that you 'deserve' in marriage
unesco weighs in on debate over where jesus was baptized
kids sue the government for not protecting them from climate change
driver rattled by brush with death for nearly 10 seconds
how laramie's lgbt decision awakens us
icy snowball can already tell it going to make 9-year-old cry
beloved showbiz legend and national treasure michael douglas actually none of these things
new roommate excited to bring robust puttering experience to apartment
kids' adorable observations about the world may have been crucial to their survival
john oliver has a heartfelt message for orlando
growth potential
this stepmom and biomom's relationship is parenting #goals
the history of how salt and pepper became the world's most popular pairing
naked truth: how i learned to stop worrying and (sort of) love my body
supreme court to decide if bush-era officials can be sued for post-9/11 civil rights violations
why gq's amy schumer cover is a little disappointing
preschooler asks to borrow classmate's notes on shapes
disillusioned museum admissions employee doesn't even believe own annual membership pitch anymore
a letter to ashtanga
scrabble come-on only worth four points
english teacher already armed with deadly weapon called shakespeare
hotel in a volcano-waterfall is the sweetest digs you'll ever find
home depot releases new bluetooth cordless hose
study finds leading cause of depression hearing words '2016 frontrunners'
#dirtydenier$ day 9: congressman john kline
florida no longer has any active zika virus transmission zones
obama's foreign policy approval drops in new poll
'home improvement' announces plans to suck more
eggs good for you this week
gop senator really doesn't want to talk about donald trump
more than 200 demonstrators arrested during may day rallies in paris
watch live: actor jeremy piven dishes on pbs' 'mr. selfridge'
english teacher on first date in ages lets dangling modifier slide
driverless cars: hype, hubris and distractions
area man can't wait to get home to look out new window
'portlandia' debuts new mra anthem, because life is hard for white dudes
cbs laugh track threatens walkout
'finding dory' shows no signs of slowing down at the box office
kesha's best revenge with 'praying' and 'woman' is her healing
celebrities are freaking out as election results roll in
naacp president calls on donald trump to apologize to john lewis
dwight howard is finished masquerading as a superstar
edge of table victorious over toddler
hero cop receives hero's lap dance
marco rubio doesn't have a clue what 'oscars so white' means
is a four-day school week a good idea?
area man to ask his doctor about xenical, propecia, claritin, paxil, drixoral, lipitor, tavist-d
legendary broadcaster dies at 82
mom who drove kids into ocean gives birth
'what happened?' keep asking, because we still don't know
this bio-mom and stepmom's friendship is nothing short of inspiring
nation not sure what signals it gave off to make candidates think it would be into them
24 odd things that happen when you absolutely love running
trevor noah: 'moms are just like superheroes without the capes'
the christian closet
marco rubio climbs over garden wall for forbidden midnight meeting with super pac
hillary clinton vs. herself
earth ranked number one party planet
night of watching game show network leaves man concerned about life insurance
5 signs you should be eating more carbs (really!)
all y'all urged to go fuck yo' selves
court extends florida voter registration deadline after rick scott refuses
obama clinches 'joe cabernet sauvignon' vote
disney, pixar to release a short about a li'l dumpling, and it sounds darling
rick perry mistakenly calls puerto rico a country
from hunter to hunted: 5 attraction marketing strategies to pull in more prospects
musicals (yes, musicals) are about to shake up podcasting
the two non-interventionists
the 14 new style stars who will light up the red carpet in 2016
scientists announce today best time to look directly at sun
we asked republicans why they think trump's lawyer gave a porn star $130,000
a century later the same old thrill
why these men bucked tradition and wore an engagement ring
brexit: a cousin of trumpism? a distant cousin of fascism?
hurricane nicole wreaks havoc on bermuda
morocco cracks down on journalists
winner didn't even know it was pie-eating contest
local bull dreams of traveling to spain for running of the bulls
treasure hunters discover wreck of 18th-century carnival cruise ship
mediocre painter's true talent lies in acting like a painter
obama to cut costs by packing lunch every day for u.s. populace
man happy to set up job interview for fraternity brother he once forced to drink own piss
sounds of air hockey coming from supreme court chambers
area man thinks girlfriend's sister might be a little cuter
the peterson farm bros' beef with chipotle (part 4): the definition of ethical behaivor
only adult left in trump administration named 'mad dog'
david chase analyzes 'the sopranos' ending shot-by-shot
grandpa looking absolutely precious in new baseball cap
mike pence left out in cold at winter olympics vip reception
reddit bans page hosting celebrity nudes
woefully misguided man stocking up on gallons of milk for armageddon
hussein court shocked by ironclad alibi
halloween decorations blending in nicely with christmas lights
report: sharks to only kill 10 people this year but one of them will be you
unions plot major push after landmark labor ruling
dunbar family forced to discontinue print edition of christmas newsletter
here are ways to express your feelings on trumpcare
vince gilligan's brain spoils final season of 'breaking bad' for vince gilligan
it only took 7 seconds for this kylie jenner appearance to get really awkward
activity made up to sell athletic shoes
i told my trump-supporting mom i'm having a biracial baby. here's what happened.
nypd cop who fatally shot ramarley graham found guilty of bad judgment
saudi crown prince must answer for atrocities in yemen
tasting your way around the wizarding world of harry potter - diagon alley
i'm bi. it took me 21 years to come out of the closet and say it.
new national park caters to business travelers
east st. louis rated number-one city in america by 'poverty magazine'
the corruption beneath cuomo's casino push
see me as a woman first, a black woman second
grandson has long hair
the world cup winners selfie is the best ever
will robotics breed a new generation of super professionals?
hardee's introduces shame curtains for customers to eat behind
a tribe called quest's phife dawg will have a street named after him
north korea ranked least-entertained nation on earth
man approaches box of powdered doughnuts like snake discovering unguarded clutch of bird eggs
dante, virgil to tour l.a.
the conservative reform movement's raging contradiction
the oldest of the old are actually fine with dying, study finds
dream team wins small soft drink
things my dad never did
pbs moderators spend first 10 minutes of debate asking candidates for fundraising advice
teacher who dedicates life to students total fucking bitch
man allegedly vandalizes own truck, blames 'black lives matter'
robots speak out against asimov's first law of robotics
glorious new tomorrow postponed indefinitely
new poll finds americans view death of close relative more favorably than congress
boeing unveils 40,000-foot emergency slide
23 texts that sound sexy once you become a parent
slightest amount of physical contact apologized for
is twitter bad for language? statistical analysis says no (new book)
trump does not acknowledge or respect doj's independence. that can't end well.
paris review receives mysterious plimpton essay about being a ghost
david allan coe waiting outside to kick your ass
dobby the house-elf still brings generosity to the 'harry potter' universe and beyond
woodstock '99 revenue projections displayed on multi-colored, laminated boards somewhere in l.a.
wednesday's morning email: latest missile launch from north korea appears to put entire continental u.s. in range
customer who declined initial offer of assistance from floor salesman comes crawling back
budget talks dreadlocked
everything in power done to appear interesting to attractive woman on subway
philip morris: 'please talk to your cooler children about cigarettes'
understanding your finances after your child is accepted to college
this absolutely the last time bouncer cleans up vomit
the big education races to watch on election day
how to make feijoada
must-see tv shows you can't miss this fall
top experts confounded by advisers to donald trump
9 things that will kill your career
report: 57% of all activism involves petitions to bring back discontinued food items
lionel richie explains why he decided to adopt his daughter nicole
icymi: who faces more sexism, female politicians or lab rats?
man excited to give visiting friends the real fort wayne experience
the 2018 winter olympics in pyeongchang, by the numbers
mitt romney 'planning to run' for senate if orrin hatch retires: report
'lethal weapon' reportedly considering re-casting co-lead due to 'emotional abuse'
everyone in coffee shop can tell trainee a goner
why every couple should have a prenuptial agreement
chrissy teigen 'gasps' at cardi b song calling for threesome with her, rihanna
high school band teacher spends 85% of rehearsal hammering in dress code for holiday concert
7 cool colleges you've probably never heard of
man who's only halfway through life can already guess how it's going to end
family braces as autistic son discovers amtrak's 'track a train' webpage
syrian kurds say bashar assad is thwarting humanitarian aid to their region
steve kerr gave an impassioned plea for gun control that everyone should hear
mother ferries 4 more shirt options back to son in gap dressing room
u.s. stock market soars after bernanke's reassuring comments about 'pacific rim'
local actions lead the global efforts to address climate change
87% of man's memories shame-based
eva longoria tans self out of visible spectrum
cuba has an ambitious plan to protect its environment from tourists
here's your chance to score never ending pasta at olive garden
guy from pringles ad convicted of murder on law & order
russia needs turkey in the war on isis
badass churchgoer doesn't even have to look at hymnal
turkish man kiss you
no shame, no future
business-owned women outnumber women-owned businesses
leather-clad nomads seize power in australia
nation tired of having to skim past headlines about apple, samsung lawsuit
people on the internet can't stop making fun of tom hiddleston's 'i heart ts' top
historical archives: john jameson's miracle concoction
cameraman finds sole black person in studio audience
obama resigns from presidency after michelle lands dream job in seattle
mathematical skill downplayed to get out of splitting check
huffpost exclusive: greece pre-election poll
21 things every pug lover desperately needs in their home
lebron james guarantees cleveland will win numerous regular season games
the white house's 'week of inclusion' can't undo all these exclusionary trump policies
federal prison system retires mcveigh's number
out-of-control hand gesture sends bernie sanders tumbling off stage
man's insecurities versatile enough to be projected onto any situation
reflections of an alzheimer's spouse: anger
obama, romney remain about equally powerful
after backlash, fema once again has puerto rico power, water stats on main website
area couple vows never to go dildo shopping while horny again
world's most innovative companies
donald trump looks to newtown shooting truther for help winning florida
michelle obama hails 'black panther' for inspiring 'people of all backgrounds'
cake just sitting there
sunday roundup
city planner gets halfway through designing city before realizing he's just doing philadelphia again
the thing about horses
each of these quadruplets got accepted into harvard and yale
va loan program may be letting veterans down
seagull with diarrhea barely makes it to crowded beach in time
paramedic bride responds to call during her own wedding
an invitation to do something about the environment
colombia plunged into uncertainty as voters narrowly reject peace deal with farc rebels
area doctor: 'mylanta'
professor pressured to sleep with student for good course evaluation
donna brazile says hillary rodham clinton high palace of the solar order was almost like a cult
deep down, woman knows she's watching entire trading spaces marathon
the truly awful part about food allergies (and how i got over it)
out-of-state license plate seen
dying woman sorry she won't get to see 37-year-old son grow up
war criminal a grandpa
the omar khadr settlement reaffirms canada's values
healthy-looking d-rose throws ridiculous half-court pass out of a trap
starz outlander world premiere and tartan carpet gala
walter scott case proves there are no smoking guns in police shooting trials
5 resistance resolutions
raising a special child
julia louis-dreyfus reveals breast cancer diagnosis
hawaii moves to ban gay conversion therapy for minors
chris rock and dave chappelle did a surprise stand-up set together this weekend
alternative-medicine practitioner refuses alternative method of payment
almost half of the victims in the turkey bombing were under the age of 14
fda questions use of aspirin to prevent first heart attack
man knows exactly which asshole got him sick
royal couple to spend $36.21 queen elizabeth had left over from 2010 u.s. visit
white supremacist tired after long day of interviews with mainstream news outlets
report: adjectives 'tony,' 'snarky' used only by media
dishwasher broke
john kerry scrambles to stop bunker's self-destruct sequence as russian oligarch taunts him from bank of monitors
poll finds many voters would support equally unlikable third-party candidate
say goodbye to twitter eggs, not trolls
fighting rabies with awareness in the philippines
new 'incredibles 2' trailer is all about mom's new job and dad staying at home
muscular guys are seen as better leaders, but there's a catch
howard dean: democrats shouldn't just oppose everything donald trump proposes
enormous man spends another day indoors
donald trump, we need to talk about what a poll is
trump: rescind obama's transgender directives, but 'protect everybody'
bigoted asshole makes the best barbecue
root beer float ice cream
courtney love screams at korean manicurist
repressed molestation memory not what it was built up to be
after dark: meet joey arias, drag icon and nightlife legend
area mother displays extensive goya collection
man rides a horse into taco bell, and the internet is freaking out
world's best dad has world's worst arteries
ranking women somehow not issue in miss usa debacle
following trump's lead, gop shifts from russia revelations to attack on leaks
bible only work of fiction in family's home
woman 'dragged' from west virginia hearing after listing lawmakers' oil and gas donors
new gallup poll finds 40% of americans probably going to skip michelle's party
awkward encounter not awkward at all when masturbated about
donald trump reportedly plans to keep james comey as fbi director
bush arrives at caribbean summit aboard catamaran one
mothers who breastfeed might have lower multiple sclerosis risk
christian rock uninspired
the extraordinary ordinary life and death of elisabeth kübler-ross
what about libya: or how the u.s. prioritizes one suffering nation over another
study: marriages between perfectly matched couples should still only last about 15 years
awful show a repeat again
sex-positive artist marilyn minter celebrates glam, glitter and gunk
bobby jindal lies to parents about winning gop nomination
one on one: lily cole on the gift economy
all of man's accomplishments overshadowed by hefty birth weight
freddie prinze jr. recovers
new gun law would require james holmes to undergo strict background check before purchasing firearms
trump nominee wants to keep agency now that he'd get paid to run it
u.s. muslims ask john kerry for protection on mecca pilgrimage
france launches new effort for middle east peace
goldman sachs reaches $5 billion settlement over mortgage securities
how not to look like a tourist in berlin
baby takes political stance
study: 90% of americans strongly opposed to each other
john legend says it would take a gun to his head to vote for donald trump
peter o'toole objects to being in oscar death montage
as iranians vote for peace, trump helps saudi arabia pick another fight
the 23 best songs of 2014
fbi might withhold secret method of unlocking iphone from apple
fantasy football star confident he can make leap to general manager of nfl team
earliest north american human footprints found in surprising spot in canada
family rewrites 'in da club' to celebrate back-to-school season
siblings quietly relieved oldest brother setting bar so low
here's some new gay slang and terminology to brighten your sunday
webster's reluctantly adds 'melty' to english lexicon
$300 tax refund used to justify $700 worth of miscellaneous purchases
sleepover guests get story straight on what time they went to bed
senators visit cuba hoping congress will ease restrictions
this lady gaga parody gives a 'million reasons' why 2016 really sucked
u.n. fails to agree on independent inquiry of human rights abuses in yemen
hillary clinton launches intimidating new fragrance line
cop crashed cruiser into ditch after this owl attacked his head
the lingering ex: social media and break-ups
man halfway down giant water slide remembers today 9/11
baby dies after dad seen allegedly beating him while driving
here are the new shows that have been picked up for a full season so far
troubling study finds majority of americans who got it aren't flaunting it
wooden fruit hoping to become real fruit one day
area man patiently waiting for humiliating email to cycle off first page
mr. trump, 17 presidents before you protected our national parks. will you?
son's black market value checked online
12 publicists dead, 43 injured in struggle to transform the rock into dwayne johnson
report: 15,000 people vanish from 'fall fest' hayride wagons each year
fda approves nasal-spray version of overdose drug naloxone
trevor noah gets a big 'ken boner'
this photo of mark zuckerberg's closet offers a lesson for working parents
frustrated man doesn't know what else he can do to get cat purring
experts warn number of retirees will completely overwhelm scenic railway industry by 2030
96-year-old style legend iris apfel just got her very own barbie
one arizona man remains missing after flash floods kills eight family members
when it comes to health care, there are 2 americas, and these maps are proof
how synagogues honor non-jewish congregants on yom kippur
donald trump and steve wynn: a hastily formed team of rivals with deeply questionable motives
bush quietly rolls back iraq death toll to zero
prince harry, meghan markle debating between hawaiian luau- or 'x-files'-themed wedding
protagonist rapidly getting dressed must be late, reports cunning viewer recognizing film's subtext
bush dies peacefully in his sleep
"i am equal to any man," says stern woman who likely does not menstruate
swollen rex tillerson spotted rushing to place mouth over leaks spouting in keystone pipeline
retired research chimps are really enjoying their new home
real-life twist endings no one saw coming -- no one!
new rules could change the way millions of people get paid
iran promises to end nuclear program in exchange for detailed diagram of atomic bomb
regular on sandy hook truth forum complaining about recent decline in quality of discussion
an interview with allen iverson, the realest hall of famer
clinton hopes to clinch nomination in california
new titanic film told from iceberg's point of view
study finds expressing anger in unhealthy ways actually incredibly satisfying
mom shows there's no one way to feed a baby with gorgeous photo
twitter roasts man who confessed to adding mayo to his coffee
5 reasons your salon haircut turned out wrong
feeding the soul as well as the stomach
assessing our children to death
half of hollywood test group screened placebo film
strangers made sure this homeless man and his dog stayed warm during blizzard
irish prime minister uses st. patrick's day to praise immigration in front of trump
everyone on wedding dance floor simultaneously wondering if they're truly happy
bush passes three-pound kidney stone
america ferrera's response to reporter's tone deaf question will make you cheer
björk spotted leaving nightclub with mysterious firefly trapped inside bubble
bill cosby announces dates for u.s. college commencement tour
280 days of meryl streep's year spent being honored
laura bush noisily devours infant
moral tacked onto end of man's life
zoo posting hourly updates on aphid about to give birth
corporation wants media company making branded entertainment to just have fun with it
planned parenthood sues anti-abortion group behind undercover videos
world's wealthiest billionaires got nearly $1 trillion richer in 2017: bloomberg
queen elizabeth ii's christmas message: 'light shines in the darkness'
kittens become friends with horses after playing in their hay net
baffled dnc plant roy moore not sure what else he could have done to defame republican party
disappointed couple on 8-month waitlist to get married at pentagon
'that's so raven' cast reunites on 'the view' and shares show secrets
writer unwilling to admit his screenplay perfect fit for justin long
fiorina and carson defend saudi government, which cites sharia law to execute 47 people
fourth of july ice-cream cake
wife always dragging husband into her marital problems
job applicant blows away interviewer with intimate knowledge of company's 'about us' page
defiant customers refuse to return recalled crib
which celebrities share your astrological sign?
local man thinking about becoming asshole
ted cruz, rand paul are insiders running in an outsiders' game
gore excited after seeing self on tv
ellie goulding and james corden perform 'love me like you do' remix
julie andrews: i've 'just always' been an lgbtq ally
nyc police union chief blames mayor, protesters for police killings
study finds no logical reason why planes fly
eminem releases single about hugging elton john at grammys then ripping his dick off with pliers
can we briefly talk (honestly) about weddings?
'miracle on ice' veteran wants congressional scrutiny on nhl concussions
nation kept up all night by sound of creaking infrastructure
hillary clinton calls for 'basic bargain' on economy
breaking: do you think we're doing a good job?
black women are the embodiment of black glory
the magic of today's new unicorn leader
fleet of stem-cell container trucks ready to go if obama elected
friendship blossoms into unrequited love
house republicans prepare their next move on immigration
waitress creeped out by overtipper
the top 1 percent owns over half of the world's household wealth
cow worried it will never live up to father's usda rating
a letter to my teenage daughter
zamboni crime family indicted in ice-shaving scandal
senile senator allowed to believe he solved immigration crisis
is this black parenting magazine racist?
trump suggests florida students could have done more to prevent deadly shooting
new study finds no long-term health benefits
microsoft word now includes squiggly blue line to alert writer when word is too advanced for mainstream audience
report: most terrorists do not start the day off with a good breakfast
scientists discover sun is made of hot
wounded marine: friendly-fire bullets hurt that much more
biden invokes freedom of information act to find out when woman gets off work
renowned ornithologist always secretly wanted to be a bird
otherwise reasonable man sincerely believes u.s. landed on moon
space under boardroom table a complex web of feet massaging various genitals
code word: is 'arrogant' the new 'uppity'?
this is where students get suspended from school the most
hellmann's introduces new meat-on-the-bottom mayo cups
giant hole swallowing up your house added to list of things to worry about
why is the self-defense narrative so powerful for gun owners?
three simple steps to not take a bad day home
jews on judaism -- unfiltered: all together podcast
top official resigns from trump epa with scathing letter
where to watch fourth of july fireworks in illinois
bush to lovely chilean ambassador:'i must paint you'
j.lo and a-rod will each donate $25,000 to hurricane harvey victims
remembering lynn walker huntley
in a hate-filled election, this moment shows exactly why america is already great
obama leaves post-it on counter with quick note explaining how to use extralegal surveillance apparatus
last person to voluntarily write essay dies
cuba and the united states: the long view
neighbors' wi-fi password must be something good
christ sues catholic church for unlicensed use of his image
area man bored with all the porn he owns
harvey weinstein expected to turn himself in to the nypd for sex crimes
here's what happens when a spouse who identified as straight comes out as lgbt
rant for the litter
delirious rover hallucinates water on mars
report: guy just put 10 bucks in jukebox
'the recovery is here,' reports underemployed man making $20,000 less than he used to
cynthia nixon's 'fix our subway' ads shred cuomo's mta, commuters rejoice
mccain speechwriter trying to write lines that don't lead to creepy smile
science fiction fan increases suavity with trenchcoat
god hurting after eating 20-piece spicy angel wings
senate subcommittee on energy and water development more like a family
real world producers still looking to fill eating-disorder slot
celebrity saddened by death of other celebrity
earliest known t-shirt found
every nbc program to end with character straight up asking viewers what kind of new tv shows they would like to see
'call my husband. i just killed my baby'
ant hoping queen will notice pretzel crumb he got her
#kellyonmymind: reflecting on kelly gissendaner
barbara bush passes away surrounded by loved ones, jeb
coast guard going to let stranded yacht owner sweat it out little more
'queer eye' star bobby berk gave me a desk makeover -- and it was incredible
overcoming adversity, a step at a time
photographer documents her grandmother's illness while searching for something more
fbi interviews clinton aides including huma abedin as part of email probe
how climate change is fueling violence against women
jefferson starship memorial reopens on national mall
analyst warns gop: house majority is in danger in 2018
curing my blindness by turning off my smartphone
uncool zookeeper won't let anyone ride gorillas
watch a comedian mow down every stupid gun rights argument you've ever heard
no one else but you invited to creepy dave's debate party
the end of 'shrink it and pink it': a history of advertisers missing the mark with women
proof that apple watch owners are desperate to convert you to their side
family comes first, reports man trying to get out of work
feminists wearing babies
ants demand 23.9-hour workday
25 worst original names of famous bands
blackberry still exists, and it's doing alright
daddy yankee singing 'despacito' with cancer patient needs no translation
wendy davis just won: supreme court vindicates her epic filibuster
pre-teen moves from giggling-at-everything phase to never-smiling phase
one death linked to listeria in dole packaged salad
six warnings about the film fifty shades of grey
u.s. military lauded for creating gender-neutral killing field
taking up arms where birds feast on buffet of salmon
new healthier menu features food wendy's customers bring from home
new ed mcmahon autobiography reveals he slept with 7 women
extremely vibrant town able to sustain two buffalo wild wings
yo soy blanco
obama poll watch -- december, 2014
hopeless resignation receives massive post-debate bump
would you buy a 1,433-pound meteorite for $1.1 million?
chuck schumer admits democrats need to do more to show americans what they stand for
boy's whale-song imitation not helping anything
myanmar is picking up the pieces after earthquake damaged ancient pagodas
8 things the gop debate got wrong about abortion and planned parenthood
satellite frantically trying to bounce signal to swearing man's phone
man takes parents on tour of city where he came to escape them
when will the economy start caring about home-care work?
the view from brexit britain -- america still has the chance to repudiate hatred
starved dogs thrown from van are learning to trust humans again
ipod made by chinese children to benefit african children
instagram influencers are all starting to look the same. here's why.
rat fancy magazine fails to catch on
craig kilborn ready to return to the daily show
pabst drinker celebrates pabst purchase with pabst
trump, speaking on russian state-owned network, slams 'dishonest' media
celebrity killed in mid-air 747 collision
ice detains tim kaine for speaking spanish at campaign rally
here's how depression affects gay and lesbian couples
how to eat seasonally in the middle of february
increasingly desperate advertisers settle for more attainable 35-to-44-year-old demographic
nikki haley takes a swipe at marco rubio, saying he 'believes in amnesty'
iran protests: civil rights movement or revolution?
how to create a hotel-worthy bathroom
scientific research just won a huge victory in the age of trump. here's how.
17 mother's day gifts and cards for all the geeky moms out there
friend working at milwaukee history museum could probably get you in for free
chris christie admits he used birth control
yalie strikes harvard lad sharply about the face and neck
white house increases security after man shows up at oval office looking for obama
the fate of anti-zika gmo mosquitos in the u.s. rests on florida
please stop asking this unsettling question to women everywhere
magnificent sunset loses out to home improvement, judge judy hour
aarp blasted as out of touch, past its prime
as chevy ends award-winning sustainability plan, the climate is just as screwed as ever
performers frantically trying to incorporate spewing sewage pipe into rio opening ceremony
how to criticize your kids without ruining their self-esteem
new liver complains of difficulty working with lou reed
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
how fear of terrorism may put you at risk of long-term disease
consumer entering that awkward age between target demographics
san francisco vandals keep messing with super bowl 50 signs
man runs out of questions to ask 4-year-old
the breaking 'cartgate' scandal in honduras
white house receives letter addressed to gerald ford or current president
area man relieved to hear state of union still strong
uganda's top anglican leader doubles down on anti-gay law
man shares baklava with airline passengers who profiled him
report: there still time to convert to christianity before christmas starts
illinois elves have some gift ideas for your favorite politicians
knife condemned to week inside saran-wrapped brownie pan
an open letter to graduation speakers
hundreds gather to support kim davis: 'she won't bow'
two cnn anchors are moving to new york
new mcdonald's sandwich offers free wi-fi
rattlesnakes have been observed
controversial photo-editing app under fire for makeup removal feature
guide your child's intellectual development, part 2
stephen colbert gives donald trump's allies and enemies the funniest alter egos
drunken episode a repeat
rude guy unfortunately says something funny
newsguild launches campaign in support of jailed reuters employees
ted cruz provides detailed response to moderator's question about why his face so fucking infuriating
ibtihaj muhammad and the u.s. women's fencing team win bronze
fbi shuts down prominent new isis recruitment website
bush calls incumbency key issue of campaign
congress passes natural disaster digital-enhancement funding
fda approves new pasta shape
epa unveils plan to add 500 million squirts of lemon to u.s. water supply
barack obama records robocall for doug jones in alabama senate race
lionel messi says kobe bryant was the reason he got into basketball
wine glasses, burnt-down candles, strewn rose petals suggest dolphins courting pete carroll
neil young quits legendary bridge school concert for 'personal reasons'
samsonite releases new roller wallet
employer totally botches job interview
god completely fucked up after huffing gaseous planet
this $249 razor is made of sapphire. is it worth the crazy price?
fda cancels bacon recall after finding u.s. population already ate it all
surf-rock legend dick dale plays through the pain at 78
enthusiasm of 18-year-old first-time voter completely unbearable
watch taylor swift and zayn trash a hotel room in 'i don't wanna live forever' music video
romney promises any pennsylvanian who votes for him can have ann romney for one hour
area father beginning to suspect 3-year-old a real ding-dong
real life magic school bus flies through human body
why you need to brag more and 3 ways to do it
'the gop will not be the jay-z to hillary's solange'
opinions versus opinionated
health insurers fire volley in new battle over the public option
why are these six states defending horrific cruelty to animals?
paul krugman warns of unprecedented corruption under donald trump
purritos = cats, burritos, the internet. all our favorite things
report: 93% of drunk drivers get home just fine
it's a girl for christina aguilera!
hershey's announces it's all out of candy
clinton and sanders face off in wyoming as race heats up
this is the 'single biggest barrier to sexual satisfaction'
two perspectives: assisted dying or assisted living?
it's the horrifying tale of the drunk girl who won't stop partying
obama family adopts 44-year-old portuguese water man
man can't decide whether to give sandwich to homeless or ducks
on not sweating the small stuff
will congress heed charla nash's message?
here's what we learned during this miserable, endless election year
processed meat is carcinogenic and red meat probably is, says who
saudi arabian king to populace: 'don't even think about it'
pink gets real about the 'most humbling' part of parenting
nfl players and team owners can see 'concussion' for free
anti-abortion women's marchers head back to washington
trump administration points to new york, chicago in latest 'sanctuary city' threat
prairie dog town rezoned for commercial use
snyder decides against endorsing trump for president
trump says wasteful nea hasn't produced single valuable work since claes oldenburg's 'giant three-way plug'
on losing a friend
author to use water as metaphor
reality star jill duggar just became a dillard
look: 5 jaw-dropping hideaways for living off the map
shepard fairey's new art blatantly condemns 'demagogue' donald trump
another boxing hall of fame induction ends with everyone punching each other
automakers ask nation if it still wants that handle above car windows
dear supreme court, our daughter is watching
trump administration picks strange fight with meals on wheels
congress confused by $500 million in trump's budget allocated for 'laser stuff'
top christian college rejects texas law allowing guns on campus
obamacare repeal would knock 10 percent of this state off health insurance
side salad clearly made from hamburger toppings
a little nonsense
wedding photographer keeps calling bride's parents 'mom' and 'dad'
our nation's guard rails: are they safe enough?
friends and family rally around kim kardashian on her birthday
these gif'd moments of 2016 show how the election took over pop culture
beethoven's ninth symphony gives man idea to be genius of some sort
recognizing the gift each moment bears is a mindfulness practice
americans still don't know what climate change is, google shows
they might be giants behind the music episode lacks sex, drugs
no good that comey does on trump/russia can undo his legacy: he poisoned a presidential election
people's climate march in lima unites citizen voices of the americas
westboro baptist church not really sure why they're picketing allan arbus' funeral
parents of kidnapped girls make desperate plea
how to deal with isis
skywriter leaves suicide note
top 10 college basketball seniors
fugitive movie heroine cuts own hair perfectly
meet the gay music mogul who discovered metallica and white zombie
at least 16 killed in deadly attack at ivory coast resort town
crowd outside white house hoping to catch glimpse of president naked
photos appear to show richard dreyfuss groping fans backstage
this former duke star has high hopes for an nba career
lawyers opposing health care law cite kids-with-pre-existing-conditions-can-go-fuck-themselves clause
media ignores cancer struggle of champion unicyclist
republican congressman tells cub scouts he'll support trump 'no matter what crazy things he says'
local dad gets this show on the road
sheryl sandberg talks about husband's death in personal commencement speech
man tracks down long-lost daughter on social media after 9 years, grandma refuses to let them meet
84-year-old veteran graduates college with summa cum laude distinction
rare quarter worth 26 cents
punxsutawney phil beheaded for inaccurate prediction on annual groundhog slaughtering day
bored u.s. postmaster general creates beard from stamps during meeting
prime minister of  norway gets laid
internet charmed by viral photo of teen working to pay for first real date
senate resolution celebrating second founding is just the beginning
chris brown's agent suggests suicide could be great career move
this week in world war i september 12-18, 1914
15 stunning and clever accent chairs your home is missing
the way we see: this artweek.la (may 26, 2014)
what is vidcon? and why did 20,000 teens show up?
silence your thoughts with this simple technique
airline part of something called 'star alliance'
lebron james' 2015 finals was legendary, but nothing compared to this
starting a small business is anything but routine
how to break your way into a locked suitcase... just so you know
pentagon loses hard drive with all the movies on it
u.s. labels rohingya crisis an 'ethnic cleansing'
britney rocks short shorts and high heels for a day at disneyland
marketing department under impression keebler elves a beloved part of american culture
restrictive north carolina voting law is dead after supreme court refuses to review it
adele is just as bummed about the brangelina split as everyone else
how not to hide your pregnancy in an underwear ad, a kylie jenner story
the woman who would be philadelphia's new mayor
sean hannity goes berserk after losing conservative media award
why it should bother everyone that the oscars are so white
no work, no justice
how to write a thank you that gets you hired
these photos will make you book your next trip to india
u.s. assures hong kong that their protest just one of many issues white house staying silent on
historical archives: to be sold - carved wooden heads
lazy wildlife rescuer lets oily pelicans pile up in sink for 5 days
fordham, education department sued over student's mental health records
netanyahu's legacy: a fractured israel and a divided america
netflix's 'glow' trailer is an '80s wrestling-filled dream
frozen tundra of emptiness stretching out forever and ever weighed against date with mike4763
off-duty cop kills home intruder who posted online threats, police say
michelle obama can still hear their little labored breaths when she closes her eyes
if you want to understand the price of milk, think of it like gasoline
lgbt parenting: does every moment have to be a teaching moment?
wrong turn finds man on poor side of mall
sadly, 'the last ship' sinks
afghan presidential election takes dangerous turn
britney spears sends sweet message to teen who recovered from stroke dancing to 'toxic'
'i am penguin, hear me squeak!' a bird speaks out from inside seaworld's 'antarctica'
crank caller keeps jerking local news team around
while democrats held their convention, here's where the money was
what parents of straight kids will never understand about orlando
all the 'sleepy hollow' season 2 intel you can handle
gmail user pities hotmail user
investors stake out greenspan's house for signs of rate increase
london police arrest six after synagogue attack
are you the artist...or the masterpiece?
young football players' brains change after one season
recent mlb incidents reveal warped ideas of manhood in sports
god pissed after learning cost to replace earth's core
4 low-risk strategies for expanding your professional network
report: attempting to prove masculinity results in over 8 million pulled muscles per year
long-shot push to force senate to confirm merrick garland fails in federal court
mike pence clearly went to ash wednesday services dozens of times
too old to drive? think again, google to the rescue.
unemployed man vows to wake up early, finish watching movie
chuck schumer: tom perez will make the dnc do more than 'yak'
donald trump's son is giddy over rachel maddow airing his dad's tax return
farmers' almanac predicting short season for primetime dramas
lisa turtle looks very different these days
one court, indivisible, votes liberty and justice for all
new mountain dew vows to kill 99.9% of stomach bacteria
the other show's second anniversary serves classic numbers and rising drag race queen
concerned nation gently encourages boston to take it easy this st. patrick's day
livestock happiest, healthiest attendees of state fair
can using this little-known spice actually make you eat less?
suburbanite saved from certain poisoning by brita filter
here's how obama pulled off a surprise trip to afghanistan
pigeon to invoke power of flight
alabama quietly strikes bo bice day from state calendar
uber driver denies ride to woman in labor, still charges $13
ted cruz says gop leaders planned to cave on immigration all along
crazed, froth-mouthed mother demands grandchildren now
attractive woman, wealthy man somehow making it work
snooping on your smartphone: how to avoid apps spying on you
puerto rico to default after missing payment
paul ryan mentally logs 4,613th missed opportunity to put stop to all of this
quantum lip
connecticut considers a soda tax
okie hears there's sam's club work in new mexico
4 out of 5 texas dentists advocate the death penalty
wild, rutting animals pour onto prom dance floor
out-of-control conversation safely turned back onto self
kitchen staff warned not to make fun of regional manager
experts refuse to warn of any new health hazards until americans deal with current backlog
france's marine le pen backs trump and denounces clinton
u.s. citizens say they were detained by border patrol agent for 'speaking spanish'
neill blomkamp shares new 'alien' concept art on instagram
carol chapman's gps guide for better sleep
berserk hairdresser cuts bangs without permission
trance of 'unreal other'
vatican unveils new rosary for windows
another gop congressman calls for special prosecutor to probe russia's election meddling
cubs fans caught in time loop now that 'next year' is in the past
moms, i know why you're exhausted
4 resolutions every runner should make
trump praises veterans, hits media at kennedy center event
9 senior white house staffers injured in collapse of overcrowded truman balcony
black realness in the mainstream, but is everybody watching?
black americans support colin kaepernick. white people? not so much
report: everyone starting new exciting stage of life except you
chelsea clinton calls to stop the demand for ivory to protect africa's elephants
the call for a national crime and justice task force
woman comes forward with first allegations of biggest sexual harassment scandal of 2036
military now considering limiting soldiers with severe ptsd to 3 combat tours
former trump ethics director calls arpaio pardon 'a harbinger of worse to come'
'new hampshire' episode 4: not just for old, white people
three good reasons to skip the airport lounge
this '10 things i hate about you' reunion is just too good to be true
you won't believe how this guy beat 'dark souls'
civil rights groups sue missouri, saying it's failing to automatically update voter records
kushner following trump's orders on secret link with russia, ex-cia official suggests
bush to olympians: 'bring back lots of valuable gold'
trump announces paris accord decision with ... is that jazz music?
munchstrosity created in frito-layboratory
giant blood clot dislodges from your femoral artery
sport for good: nelson mandela's vision, one community at a time
most disgusting towel spends final days relegated to role as bath mat
area boy enters jumping-and-touching-tops-of-doorways phase
how to fix an out-of control police state
bakery's closing nets man ton of free éclairs
healthy and frosted (!) paleo carrot cake cookies
freedom with a twist of maturity
scientists find human vocal cords developed over millennia to lower voice when speculating on acquaintance's sexual orientation
georgia police search for missing 11-year-old boy
'you deserve better than the person you're dating,' reports little voice in back of mind
how an obama cut-out is helping me survive a trump presidency
is your outdated career map leading you astray?
new law requires richard gere to personally inform residents when he moves to new neighborhood
sixth roy moore accuser comes forward, says he groped her in 1991
longtime employee given small pewter object
violinist sick of doing mozart covers
in search of the sea gypsies (photos)
garth brooks thinking about how a pie would be good right about now
amazon warehouses stocked with 20,000 doctors in preparation for healthcare launch
5-year-old alabama boy misses fun 'bunker grandpa'
hollywood plans big-budget remake of mr. & mrs. smith
man watching cleopatra 2525 has no time to read
so we might not be getting more prince music after all
man thinks receptionist is hitting on him
guard gives death row inmate every chance to end life before they try new execution drug on him
new york times reaches 1 million digital-only subscribers
josh smith responds to people who think he's 'greedy'
poll signals trouble for gop in blockading supreme court
oakland artists take on gentrification as tech boom threatens their city
nra's top lobbyist implies trump is back on its side
homosexual dolphin has highly developed sense of gay-nar
could quincy jones be any cooler in this new fashion campaign?
unstable couple playing with fire by organizing game night
kinko's patron pulls the old copy-key switcheroo
made in the image of god: art, feminist theology and caroline mackenzie
police leaders join effort to reduce incarceration rate
11-year-old moron can't wait to get her first period
how the rise of the middle class shaped american folk art
labor unions blamed for derailing campaign transparency efforts
the fake news pledge and colorado politicians who need to sign it
chewing, and choking, on false (nutritional) equivalence
bo, sunny obama announce selection of artist for their official portraits
sharon stone to star in major backstage drama
complete idiot still thinks brittany murphy dating jeff kwatinetz
drought costs californians an extra $2 billion in electricity expenses
learning from a complex communications experiment in my own home
the calculated plan to outlaw abortion in the us
loretta lynch: orlando shooting was an 'act of hate and terror'
halliburton gets contract to pry gold fillings from new orleans corpses' teeth
how netflix's 'girlboss' perpetuates negative stereotypes
the new york daily news bill cosby cover doesn't pull any punches
police say woman made up story of attack by two men, one wearing a trump hat (update)
i tried these 4 meal kit services so you don't have to
5 nutritionist-approved back-to-school tips
eating enthusiast acquires chocolate eclair
weeping tim cook spotted screaming for help at steve jobs' tombstone
obama administration near ban on trans-fat: report
here's why congressman blake farenthold resigned so abruptly
comedy central celebrates one millionth airing of cheech & chong: still smokin'
'stranger things' season 2 trailer is an eleven out of ten
16-year-old sydney mclaughlin makes u.s. olympic team in 400 meter hurdles
book given as gift actually read
ceiling fan transforms apartment without air conditioning into frosty wonderland
airline food under fire from area comedian
how to advance lgbt rights in red states
nation was kind of hoping for different outcome when concerned citizens came together to make voices heard
ukraine begins to cut off transportation to crimea
exxonmobil vows lenient treatment for any species that surrenders voluntarily
meteorologist has hilarious comeback to daughter who questioned his weather prediction
man as surprised as anyone that he knows all the members of 'n sync
report: nuclear arsenal will go bad unless used by 2000
here's why you need to know broadway and tv star andy mientus
trump refuses to play gop ball
10 things to keep in mind when telling your kids about the divorce
college roommates surprised to find dorm room has one king-size bed
maryland gov. larry hogan breaks 'partisan gridlock' boards using taekwondo
collapsed mine used as excuse to stall coal extraction
report: this movie old enough that they might have actually hurt dog
the gift is giving
people show their love for the epa with thousands of valentines
president trump's iran deal message to north korea: do not trust washington
nation's sound engineers gather to talk about their ponytails
gop congressman turns science committee into platform for his own anti-science views
russians at home and in america expect trump to deliver -- but on what depends
bathroom-disinfectant ad reinforces obsessive-compulsive disorder
meet 10 inspiring people over 50 giving back to the world
another reason why cutting pollution is essential to future generations
louisa meets bear by lisa gornick
vatican bank's ex-chief indicted for embezzlement and money laundering
man purchasing pair of red pants better be ready to put up or shut up
training entry plus 5
what special olympians taught timothy shriver about real fun
friends, family admit they expected man's mental breakdown to look completely different
balanced budget amendment fails amid gop fiscal hypocrisy
raccoon family tired of taking care of rabid father
reforming college debt, part i: the problem
trump administration claims it's not blocking abortion for detained immigrant teen
coworkers nationwide embrace tearfully after painful 3-day separation
new custard could cause worldwide flandemic
alec baldwin: it's tough to impersonate the greatest presidential impersonator of all time
iowa restaurant patron can remember every breakfast ruined by presidential candidates
he looks at tuberculosis death toll and wonders why you're not worried
breakfast in bed served to mom who just got eaten out
bush defends deny-side economics
americans experiencing slightly different kind of numbness today
vagina medicine left out where anyone can see it
recent saving of planet attributed to working assets long-distance plan
antifa organizers announce plans to disrupt neo-nazi rally or whatever else going on that day
here's what happened when a drag queen interviewed trump supporters
first-grade teacher apprehends urinator
6-year-old boy thinks he might be too old to be in women's locker room
wistful kim jong-un stumbles onto childhood drawings he made of nuclear attacks on west
the one thing you probably didn't know about genetic inheritance
teaching english by the beach in vietnam
why an aging population is not a burden on the economy
khloe kardashian poses braless for women's health and looks amazing
cops respond to reports of threats and screams... and find the unexpected
siblings gather around powerpoint to hash out off-limits topics for thanksgiving
will this murder be the first federal hate crime with a trans victim?
badass surgeon puts on fingerless latex gloves before operating
hillary clinton: college costs are 'outrageously high'
grizzled proofreader has seen it written both ways
how harvey weinstein put the media in a headlock
gaunt, hollow-eyed big bird enters sixth day of hunger strike against proposed trump budget
former mexican president vicente fox issues stark warning to u.s. farmers about trump
family assistants are the new nannies — and here's why we're absolutely on board
what does real equality look like?
jake hyland of kansas city, mo chosen as nation's designated survivor in case rest of country wiped out during presidential address
9 things your bridesmaids want -- no, need -- you to know
proposed law would require mothers to look at pictures of congressmen she disappointing before having abortion
hbo's martin luther king jr. film reveals his 'dark and dangerous' final years
el salvador upholds three-decade prison term for woman who suffered stillbirth
previously unknown prejudice against japanese surfaces during game of battleship
vacationing uncle posts terse, emotionless facebook update from cruise ship
u.s. must do its part to support green climate fund
lea michele slays in a black cutout dress at 'scream queens' premiere
middle-aged man in gym locker room puts shirt on before underwear
'sleeping on it' really does help you solve your problems
male writer outs female writer who wanted anonymity
weird couple has greatest sex of their lives after announcement of disney-lucasfilm merger
kiss with wife pretty good
here's what science says about the connection between your name and your destiny
watch a wrecking ball destroy a bunch of cars and get on with your life
local man vows revenge against atlantic ocean
tommy lee jones tells jimmy fallon he doesn't want to play any of his little fucking games
u.s. couple who bared butts at thai temple have reportedly been released
trump and clinton characters to appear on 'american horror story'
bored barron trump counts confederate flags in inauguration crowd to pass time
13 #ridiculousexcusestostayhome -- boomer-style
barbra streisand and jennifer hudson team up
halle berry calls will smith a 'champion for diversity in hollywood'
why the sharing economy is harming workers -- and what must be done
you may be funding the gun lobby without even knowing it
converse high tops reveal tv character's eccentric personality
just how lumbersexual is your home?
obamas to parkland teens: you've awakened the nation's conscience
fear factor creator's will: 'heirs must eat my ashes to collect inheritance'
abused child running out of black crayon
poll: california narrows
another noose found near d.c. museums, police say
jostens unveils new engagement rings for pregnant high-schoolers
felipe the bastard king
area man released after being wrongfully employed for 9 years
ergonomic advisors call for $30 million in federal lumbar support
the best chance to defeat roy moore may be for the democratic party to lie low
send in the clowns.. to the zaatari refugee camp
bald man just going to have to accept entire head will turn bright red from time to time
violence hits nigeria's oil-rich delta region
lawyers separate mary-kate & ashley olsen in 17-hour procedure
watch live: fmr. afghanistan ambassador zalmay khalilzad discusses foreign policy
how 2016 fashion week is already more inclusive than usual
u.s. forces take over key afghan city that will be retaken by taliban when marines leave
coal baron: subsidize coal 'to make sure grandma doesn't die on the operating table'
surgery required for new sexual position
secretive whcd pre-party draws hollywood celebrities
app allows users to help save migrants crossing mediterranean
a death row-themed restaurant is about to happen, people aren't stoked
war on string may be unwinnable, says cat general
stressed out at work? how to cope -- without turning to food or booze
report: u.s. exported 6 billion tons of crude web content last year
bhp: 2017 the year of 'electric vehicle revolution'
teen found in suitcase died from overdose, coroner says
virginia schools close after uproar over arabic calligraphy lesson
senator 'alarmed' by reports u.s. military families were harassed
trump administration finds a new way to fight with the uk
you will never love anything as much as dc's panda loves snow
what if every school had this sign?
bird has big plans for cage
lifelong boise resident realizes he's never been to morrison knudsen nature center
rolling stones: is there humor to be found in their age?
baylor football coach ignoring 'culture problem' despite sex abuse
smokers at party only ones to make it to fire escape in time
norwegian recipes: sweet vanilla custard buns!
as chipotle tries not to make people sick, it's silent on one important issue
groups working to make the world wide web live up to its name
how to be nicer, healthier and more focused in 15 minutes
rosie o'donnell is leaving 'the view' after split from wife
mark hamill reveals luke skywalker might be gay in 'star wars'
going against the flow: diana paredes, ceo of suade
photos capturing string instrument movements are so stunning they look photoshopped
obama currently being chased in background of secret service hearing
jenna elfman mentally prepares answer to inevitable question about her outfit
all-female skate crew challenges patriarchy, gentrification in nyc
crossfit mama gets real about why her post-baby body is 'amazing'
board member slams milo yiannopoulos invite to cpac
vets in congress urge paul ryan to un-endorse trump
farting teen sparks fight
from layoffs to sexual assault allegations, it's been a hard week in media
hunters need to start talking about guns more
west virginia revokes approval of mountain valley pipeline as legal terrain shifts
how to make cereal milk ice cream
new roomba blender makes smoothie out of everything in its path
scientists finally pronounce human genome
school official: laquan mcdonald lived a disadvantaged life
stunt biker danny macaskill turns scotland into the world's most incredible obstacle course
fucking oasis to probably be worked into olympics opening ceremony
'rock the vote' propels metallica to senate
ted cruz, marco rubio urge oregon militants to stand down
pig farmers are struggling to keep up with america's bacon needs
kim jong-il doesn't know how he keeps winning lottery
after watching katy perry crash a wedding, you'll wish she came to yours
intersecting ideas: the importance of an interdisciplinary education
how to find the right haircut for your face shape
man avoids messing with texas
jesus christ believed in
fourth-grade teacher polishing up speech on this not being third grade anymore
area man considers self ally to women unless they threaten his status in literally any way
the truth about 'the interview'
your weight is just a symptom
i'm all in for hillary clinton, my next president
beyoncé sculpted in cheese is strangely alluring
stephen curry apologizes for being better than everyone else
yo-yo ma injured during practice
obama slips 'hope' into speech for the fans
miley cyrus gets tattoo of dead dog
senator's myspace top 8 all corporations
report: we don't make any money if you don't click the fucking link
police investigate reports of local gay man being dragged behind boat
the rise and fall of the blackberry: an interview with  jacquie mcnish and sean silcoff
supporters aggravated bernie sanders didn't use dnc speech to get voters to act against their own self-interest
iggy azalea lands small movie role
why dave chappelle won't be making jokes about rachel dolezal any time soon
god feeling down in dumps after death of grandmother
pope leaves detailed instructions for taking care of holy spirit while he out of town
english teacher obviously hung over
word 'immunity' used outside of reality show for first time in five years
controversial christian faction believes jesus was nailed to two parallel pieces of wood
new wes anderson film features deadpan delivery, meticulous art direction, characters with father issues
harley-davidson releases new motorcycle designed for men
undecided debate viewer waiting until he hears same responses for seventh time before making decision
kevin james announces he is not considering late-career shift towards more dramatic roles
yes, bud weisser was arrested for trespassing at budweiser brewery
before-and-after airbrushing image alerts fashion industry to evil of its ways
working-class whites still have it a whole lot better than their black counterparts
buzzfeed's 'try guys' tackle immigration and the results are emotional
debbie robins de la bouillerie, best selling author, executive leader, film and television producer died on august 31st at the age of 58.
single parent wishes she had thought of abandoning child first
we looked at airlines and pet incidents, and what we found surprised everyone
lena dunham's dog quiz is shameful
barbra streisand says it was 'heartbreaking' to see hillary clinton lose the election
mosquito confronts partner after testing positive for zika
house to vote on 3-month highway funding bill before leaving town
microwave used as alarm clock
donald trump says he'll do interview with univision's jorge ramos
thousands march in nyc to protest chokehold death
how to apply lipstick, even if you're a total spaz
all-girls t-ball team takes on boys, is nobody's 'sweetie'
u.s. to give limestone-based economy a shot starting next week
airasia passengers share stories of near-misses that kept them off vanished plane
climate change and children: a call for action
republican party boss dismisses trump threat to run as independent
how far will an uber driver go to get five stars from you?
new romney ad claims candidate does not oppose women in cases of rape, incest
boston judge orders apple to help law enforcement examine iphone
stressed-out 8-year-old looks 12
workaholic dad misses only one or two accomplishments in unimpressive child's life
5 foolproof outfits to copy this weekend
north korean military developing parade capable of traveling 5,000 miles
lost jack london manuscript, 'the doggy,' found
bill maher calls out donald trump's racism with spot-on monologue
32 data breaches larger than sony's in the past year
two dead after shooting at oklahoma city airport
detroit burned down for the insurance money
the problem with fake news? 'real' news is bogus too
stormy daniels' lawyer taunts trump: michael cohen will 'fold like a cheap deck of cards'
man in suit makes decision affecting thousands of non-suited individuals
john boehner calls harry reid's idea 'nutso'
'breitbart' refusing to release names of mass shooting victims in order to prevent them from getting attention
area woman will see any movie that takes place between 1743 and 1919
james corden shuts down bill o'reilly's slavery comments
cities across the west coast are uniting against monsanto
america's least common jobs
eric rosswood talks “the ultimate guide for gay dads” and more (audio)
halle berry: my undying wish is to play angela davis in a biopic
addressing spiritual bullying: a faith fable
mccain: botched execution amounts to 'torture'
brands that make you aww
5 keys to product differentiation for fun and profit
jay-z gives shout-out to his shareholdaz
rob reiner says he won't shoot in nc unless anti-lgbt law is repealed
the american public finally heard the women larry nassar abused
kleenex box inadequately covered
are brick and mortar banks and checking accounts dying due to digital wallets, prepaid debit cards, etc.?
parent now just typing 4-year-old child's every word verbatim throughout day as facebook post
photographers from 186 countries compete in worldwide competition
chuck schumer warns trump not to ruin budget talks by getting involved
mtv's 'scream' trailer features a severed head in a hot tub
cia chief warns of 'tremendous' consequences for iran
singles bar contains single woman
seth meyers has a scathing message for matt lauer
i know something about grace
huckabee decries obamacare's failure to help slow, cross-eyed cousin who got kicked by mule
report: 87% of u.s. women achieve orgasm when fantasizing about gorton's fisherman
pharma's puerto rico problems could mean drug shortages
twitter has no time for the gop's weird gif response to comey statement
media company looking for ways to get rid of veteran 24-year-old employee
every single kid who was orphaned by ebola in guinea has a home
87-year-old musician dies after performing 'there's no business like show business'
albuquerque cops who shot homeless man will not face federal charges
study reveals 93% of americans don't know their congressperson truly, utterly, the way only two souls entwined can
apparently facebook friend under impression ron paul still running for major federal office
gop-led house ignores dems' sit-in, approves $1.1 billion to fight zika
receding floodwaters reveal extent of houston area's post-harvey destruction
stop saying 'not my president'
relationship tragically enters going-to-bathroom-with-door-open stage
the 10 most memorable onscreen weddings
450-pound man didn't go to doctor for a lecture
judge tosses suit accusing trump business dealings of violating constitution
dad with 350,000 airline miles helps families who can't afford holiday travel
kim cattrall offers curt response to cynthia nixon's new york governor run
omg, the duchess of cambridge is vogue uk's june cover star
west virginia teachers are making sure their students get fed while they're on strike
democrats play nice and normal with trump in nominee hearings
riz ahmed's emmy is a win for south asian representation on tv
how the wicked wanderlust can ruin your life
nearly half of living nfl veterans show signs of brain injury: study
marc summers realizes police will immediately look for body in giant pile of mashed potatoes
area man misses rental car
sweeping new labor reforms allow foxconn employees to work in inhumane conditions from home
megachurch pastor abruptly retires after allegations of improper conduct go public
comic-con opens with traditional superhero flyover
a time capsule of us
man too deep into sentence to avoid saying word he can't pronounce
man reading pynchon on bus takes pains to make cover visible
here's what happened after this mom saw a man in heels at disney world
can spatial skills actually help your writing?
the great fracturer, exceptional smasher, and indispensable fragmenter
ufc champion jon jones sentenced in hit-and-run case involving a pregnant woman
teen anxious for cigarette addiction to kick in
dad thought he could make it out of zoo without buying kids light-up shit
'1984' sales spike after kellyanne conway's orwellian interview
study finds humans' greatest swing in mood occurs between leaving office for lunch, returning afterwards
holiday pay falls short
watch dirt bikers get a bit too close to nature
bertha cáceres: 'my mother's is not the first assassination. i don't want another'
kentucky dmv introduces game of chicken to driver's test
shingles sufferer sick of explaining what shingles is
enjoy the show: learn more after 'sharknado 2'
hillary clinton opens chili's franchise just outside of washington, d.c.
acknowledge and move on
it kind of pathetic how excited 3-year-old is to see daddy home from work
california moves to extend health insurance to undocumented immigrants
pederast judge tries 11-year-old as adult
camp david, president obama, and the refusal to acknowledge history and reality
unfinished basement has weird feeling about way woman looking at it
even if you're a famous actor, you can't touch jessica williams without her permission
publicist confirms komodo dragon from 'skyfall' pregnant
a labor day cheer for economic nationalism
possum gazes longingly at family walking dog
middle-aged woman so tired of going back and forth between divorced parents' nursing homes
everyone but you attending some important meeting in other room
baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake will not seek re-election
what 'real men' really want to do
college freshman experiences first tantalizing taste of freedom waiting in line at burrito station while parents find table
bush asks advice for this friend of his who invaded iraq
report: american dream now an out-of-court settlement
apple's safari browser is crashing for some users: report
content marketing guide from the best content director awardee: nic mccarthy
leann rimes, those are some interesting pants
awkward tension mistaken for sexual tension
halloween unfortunately not only night of year area man drunk in firefighter uniform
20 must have fashion items for every college girls wardrobe
5 faith facts about presidential candidate mike huckabee
see miley cyrus freak out over a surprise phone call from hilary duff
nation's sexual degenerates impatient for gay marriage slippery slope to kick in
this photo series powerfully denounces the pain caused by prejudice in small towns in brazil
the future of europe: proudly small
beijing fire department extinguishes massive five-alarm burning cloud of smog
like issa rae, i'm also 'rooting for everybody black'
country singer & former 'one tree hill' star jana kramer welcomes daughter jolie rae
as per tradition, election results officially certified with two barks of approval from electoral collie
son's friend the kind who always gets nosebleeds
weeping willow gets bangs
man jailed for social security scam set up by late father in 1945
i'm an 18-year-old boy who wears blue nail polish -- get over it
what's left of pamela anderson married again
congress is falling into isis's trap on syrian refugees
nba players #prayforpaulgeorge after horrific injury
college football's 5 unexpected heisman trophy hopefuls
lawsuit accusing trump of inciting rally violence gets green light from judge
this cfl player takes unsportsmanlike conduct to another level
'the natural' not on tv often enough for area dad
what bothers americans most about pro football? not the danger
groom admits bride could have looked a bit more radiant on wedding day
missing u.s. marine vet, canadian girlfriend found strangled in belize: reports
researchers quietly chuckling at placebo group
bank patrons can expect same poor service after merger
trump gives intelligence agencies their daily briefing
hr director reminds employees that any crying done at office must be work-related
the hottest restaurant in new york city is in a dorm room
following the money: energy dollars hard at work on capitol hill
8 things students with chronic stomach problems understand
katherine heigl says she 'would never intend to be difficult'
far, far away in a galaxy, there's lots of room for #starwarschristmascarols
important decision sent up to company's highest idiot
line of lizards winding out door outside national geographic casting office
rose byrne is expecting her second child with bobby cannavale
busy mel kiper, jr. still finds time to throw around the old spreadsheet with his daughter
jack lew defends efforts to help banks process marijuana sales
trump claims waterboarding doesn't come close to the excruciating torment he experiences at every moment
corporation proud of origins as small business that would never survive in modern economy
softball team unsure of how to console jackass captain who just struck out
toddler scientists finally determine number of peas that fit into ear canal
scarlett johansson immediately rejects heartwarming prom invite from high school student
impressive mom nails skateboard trick while pushing stroller
panicking romney attempts to lay off debate moderator
trump's refugee ban could prevent 20,000 people from coming to the u.s., u.n. says
from loud chewing to cherry-tomato spewing: the five senses of office pet peeves
twentysomething generation turns 35
an incomplete list of all the ways denzel kills people in 'the equalizer'
heroic prego advertisement replaces refreshed webpage's presidential campaign banner
area teens find once-in-a-lifetime love
people-watcher catches glimpse of rare north american black doofus
'the defiant ones': how dr. dre and jimmy iovine made a lot of music and, yeah, money
television character nervous about upcoming class reunion
oscars attendees cower in awe as disembodied, all-knowing voice proclaims information about nominees
chris hemsworth dances 'wrecking ball' with his kids in the living room
huffpollster: president trump's base is sticking with him
love is waiting for a test result and having someone hold your hand
tracy morgan remains in critical condition
fda approves new drug for treatment of social anxiety
bad news: appointment of shia militiaman to iraqi cabinet
tennessee judge upholds state's lethal injection process
why 'death to america' isn't going to disappear overnight (but in the short term it doesn't matter)
man anxiously scanning bar's reaction to jukebox selection
this video nails the messed up way anti-abortion legislation gets pushed
world's oldest yoga teacher says she doesn't plan on 'growing up'
bruce springsteen takes powerful stance amid trump's immigration ban
the remarkable legacy of fidel castro
rwandan refugees angered over lack of aol access
poll finds 23% of americans would vote for jeb bush if candidate standing right next to them in voting booth
produce section bursts into laughter after will ferrell makes casual remark about apples
this time to be different
horrified pope calls philadelphia humanity's greatest sin against god
parents finally tell 2-year-old about 9/11
new regulation requires all protected species to be actively looking for new habitat in order to receive funding
seth meyers rips jeff sessions for halting his donald trump party
congresswoman fights for gun control because she almost lost her life to gun violence
'the big dark': series of storms stretching from china to u.s. batters northwest
guinness releases abridged book of freaks for readers who just want the good stuff
wall street executive telling friend how amazing it is to see clinton live
ferguson protesters celebrate thanksgiving in a church, boycott black friday
milk rushing through jug handle having the time of its life
rare species of frog may hold cure to...ah, never mind, it's extinct
this 'alice in wonderland' wedding will take you down the rabbit hole
longing to finally visit the cuba of my dreams
learning resilience from hillary clinton
michaela watkins on the 'myth' surrounding female-driven shows
journalist once accused of making up sources arrested for threatening jewish institutions
obama to name former procter & gamble executive as va secretary
samsung halts production, sales of galaxy note 7
the disaster that is donald trump's tax plan
whole museum visit spent feeling guilty about moving on from paintings
secrets about life on earth
reply all email creates havoc for case western students' inboxes
chuck grassley is keeping details of his iowa events secret to avoid protesters
chili's customer who just finished ribs platter given complimentary hose-down
christie describes isis as grave, towering, meaty threat to u.s. while staring at diner patron's corned beef sandwich
watch weightlifter celebrate olympic bronze with an epic backflip
if we treated other public health issues the way the pro-gun crowd treats shootings
best hotels for large families
here are the latest photos from march for our lives
new 'hunger games: mockingjay - part 2' posters show the cast ready for battle
pair of 26-year-olds hit it off after learning they have student loans from same bank
in russiagate, keep your eye on pence
what it means to seize your youth
lana del rey and stevie nicks to cast a joint musical spell on upcoming album
prince harry asks brother prince william to be his best man
area man secretly tired of exposing his big belly for friends to slap, yet knows no other way
remote alaska high school volleyball team endures rough landing in bush plane en route to state tournament
republican mississippi senator's long political past holds clues his time may be up
woman rises early to sow seeds of day's first gchats
in the event of a water landing
report: some people actually very happy
gop promises americans will be able to keep current medical conditions if obamacare repealed
hypothetical question clearly not hypothetical
texas abortion opponents to cheer selves up with execution
résumé font offends employer
these brave souls decided to taste pregnant women's bizarre cravings
facebook bolts from traditional news
democrats express outrage as gop tax cuts inch closer to completion
jimmy o. yang of 'silicon valley': asians who aren't hunks need screen time, too!
worker told to have fun operating shake machine
democratic national committee asks its entire staff to resign
a senate candidate spills the beans: running a positive campaign is for suckers
chicago's annual homicide drive off to most promising start in decades
woman mentally rearranging rankings of children while opening mother's day gifts
area man thought he had more forks than this
there's no way james comey said what trump claims he did
excerpt: lessons on love and landscape from the heartland
human throws her cat a snazzy birthday bash, feline is not impressed
mutual selection process
cat's whiskers a little much
bill maher calls college basketball 'a complete sham' on 'real time'
high school fuckup now in charge of checking airport luggage for explosives
new sitcom pulls back the envelope
kerry downs another vodka shot as the last of putin's security detail passes out
monica lewinsky: 'i'm not alone anymore' thanks to the me too movement
judge failed to disclose donation from gop defendant in gerrymandering suit
area twentysomething disillusioned with disillusionment
mariachi band has no idea your mother just died
a donald trump presidency would be dangerous for the world: un rights chief
report: a lot of people's dream is to have sex with a ghost
congressman calls for investigation into alton sterling shooting
nation's stomach ulcers predict trump administration will provide opportunities for unlimited growth in 2017
here are the months college students are more likely to experiment with new drugs
everyone in coffee shop billing for their time
fire chief grants fireman 3-day extension on difficult fire
live election coverage: watch as midterm results pour in
elizabeth warren: 'donald trump is a loser'
wearable technology: the coming revolution in healthcare
epa study: rivers shouldn't smell like shit
stealth trans houdini in the men's locker room
you can hold snake, owner reports
barack obama vetoes bill allowing 9/11 victims to sue saudi arabia
pegida leader resigns after posting hitler photo
news roundup for september 22, 2017
'i reunited with my birth mother, who says she wishes she never had me and that i would die'
mom produces decorative gift bag out of thin air
is this the first photograph of a human being?
how to look hot and stay cool in our favorite summer accessories
britain to impose one of the world's toughest ivory bans
these influential marijuana users defy the stoner stereotype
leaving america after the elections? here's a great option.
4 identity protection habits every college student should have
price of gas rises to four expletives per gallon
here's what the oscar nominations should look like
this unreleased britney spears song is all kinds of sultry
insufferable prick distinctly said no cilantro
heidi cruz gets a boost in new york from trump 'nastiness' backlash
why top talent is passing your company by
department of education study finds only 30% of students adequately prepared for spring musical
u.s. general jealous that syrian army allowed to attack citizens
younger siblings are good for older siblings' health
giuliana rancic on cheating ex jerry o'connell: 'it's all good'
lena dunham has a theory on why men, apparently, don't like serena williams and ronda rousey
conceptual genius goes as self for halloween
nation demands more slow-motion footage of syrup cascading onto pancakes
high-culture wars heat up over controversial new opera
paul singer, influential gop billionaire, throws support to rubio
eric stonestreet and sarah hyland toast 200th episode of 'modern family' with a sweet kiss
the top 5 issues newlyweds face
neighborhood starting to get too safe for family to afford
new 'star trek' tv series in the works for 2017
lone, weak bystander targeted by pack of female friends who want their picture taken
arizona wildfire destroys dozens of homes, raising warnings of a bad season
five more inmates in california diagnosed with legionnaires' disease
trump executive order helps cement guantanamo's status as a forever prison
man with backed-up shower drain enjoys luxurious foot soak
5 tv episodes that celebrate hanukkah, too
area man has no idea how to get copy of birth certificate
rose byrne will return as moira mactaggert for 'x-men: apocalypse'
graffiti artists give miami neighborhood wall-to-wall makeover
equine voices: a safe haven for abused, neglected and abandoned horses
we are america. immigrants are us.
city adds some big concrete stairs
ebola in sierra leone: 'it reminded me of a conflict zone'
paul ryan awaiting soulcycle instructor's approval before accepting speaker role
5,000 jack-o'-lanterns stun in haunting halloween display
top 10 places spring is in bloom
formerly obese man always showing everyone his old pants
a key consideration when refinancing your student loans
a photo history of south african apartheid 20 years on
experts point to long, glorious history of successful u.s. bombing campaigns
alcoholic parent easy to shop for
court tosses scott walker's food stamp drug testing lawsuit
miley cyrus' gender-bending performance on 'maya & marty' is pitch perfect
breaking: friend who just got motorcycle already dead
activists keep up protests in sacramento over stephon clark shooting
god admits he too close to creation to judge whether it any good or not
image vs. substance in your self-made journey
emerson, lake & palmer co-founder, greg lake, dead at 69
divergent views on the middle east at the un general assembly
robert reich pleads with trump to quit it with the 'petty' and 'vindictive' tweets
painful reminder celebrates fourth birthday
after seeing a fifth-grader get bullied, this group of boys vowed to stand up for him
u.s. schools have already faced 10 shooting incidents this year
ny times columnist david brooks explores sin, virtue in new book
freak totally has the hots for you, popular-girl sources report
convention crowd really hoping bill clinton breaks tension with joke about how terrible he looks
weird new cereal sets tone for first weekend at divorced dad's
increasingly anxious man worried order confirmation email never going to come
a cure for microwave spectrum disorder
it took me 30 years to come to terms with half of my identity
bear emerges from hibernation refreshed and ready to kill
at this year's toronto film festival, it's the quieter performances that speak the loudest
60 journalists killed in 2014 as targeting of international press rises
study: obsessive-compulsive disorder obsessive-compulsive disorder obsessive-compulsive disorder
what is a pre-existing condition anyway?
following ray bradbury's death, thousands of people buy kindle version of book about demise of paper books
priest's lost puppy was much closer than he thought
white house blames deadly gaza violence on hamas 'propaganda'
'there are no good options in syria,' sighs man who has devoted 12 minutes of research to topic
the latest episode in our favorite queer web series for kids is here
how the cleveland browns are helping to turn food waste into renewable energy
capitol building dome deflates
pixies release secret song for record store day
unsurprisingly, celebrities were not impressed with donald trump's press conference
kim kardashian wants 'everyone to be as honest as kanye'
south korea working to formally end the korean war. yes, that korean war.
area man could have sworn randy newman sang welcome back, kotter theme
bet you didn't know gal gadot is pronounced with a hard 't'
florida paper pushes for bike safety with aggressive reporting
mike tyson does his best drake impression after seeing 'hotline bling' meme
motor trend car of year stripped of title after appearing as hot rod centerfold
borrowed cd slowly integrated into own collection
train passengers defend elderly asian couple from racist tirade
the horrible awkwardness and angst of being a beginner: in aikido or at anything
adele opens up about her private life, squad goals and new album
justin timberlake tells jessica biel no one will believe her
the ultimate goal in grief: embracing a new life
freed taliban prisoner thought trump presidency couldn't be real
why i can never order from chipotle again
jonathan franzen slams jennifer weiner, again
paris jackson stands up to social media haters and their 'ridiculous' expectations
ferguson decision reaffirms right of police to use deadly force when they feel sufficiently inclined
sorry, but marvel and 'star wars' films are leaving netflix
seaworld dynamites orca that beached itself on concrete walkway
woman with shitty job her own boss
my advice to high school grads
friend gearing up to hate the hulk
man at amusement park gets right back in line for another funnel cake
redemption road: chatting with tom paxton, howard jones, martin sexton, chadwick stokes and erik deutsch
samantha bee launches global 'apology race' tour to say sorry for donald trump
what's next for the chicago bulls?
boss alludes to 'crunch time'
newsweek, abc '20/20' reports expose abuse, torture of gay youths and troubled teens
rand paul ends daylong nsa 'filibuster'
panicked donald trump jr. tries to cover up contact with wikileaks by deleting firefox icon from desktop
nation's rich and powerful wondering when rest of americans will just give up
trump thinking of beginning rnc speech with sexist tirade he was saving for special occasion
knowshon moreno asks broncos if there's anything else to drink besides gatorade
spooked rubio staffers drive slowly past abandoned jeb bush campaign headquarters
lingerie-wearing boehner: 'we still have a very pretty speaker of the house'
nra says mass shootings just the unfortunate price of protecting people's freedom to commit mass shootings
mccain gives up jcpenney catalog-modeling job
what happens to the dreamers now?
man at very top of food chain chooses bugles
democratic party gives bernie sanders bigger role in shaping its platform
charlottesville shows that states must amend their open-carry laws
'greatest story ever told' has gimmicky deus ex machina ending
israeli forces kill at least 16 palestinian protesters along gaza border: officials
pierce brosnan offended by way new james bond holds gun
god admits he way less strict with last few billion children
geico saves 15 percent or more by discontinuing advertising
jerked around after all these years
for gay couple, fulfilling lifelong dream of marriage not worth moving to iowa
a love contract to help pets deal with parents' breakup
anderson cooper informs viewers cnn just minutes away from first significant piece of information of day
300 million without electricity in india after restoration of power grid
taylor swift left nashville a long time ago folks
secrets of a professional present purchaser
darren wilson and vegan mom
profiles in courage: sometimes it's the last place you think
employee executes daring 3:30 p.m. escape from office
aclu sues trump administration over voter fraud probe
breaking: drunk teen going 100 mph down slick highway is invincible
this inspiring fitness model lives without a working heart
newly discovered journal entries reveal sacagawea's repeated attempts to ditch lewis and clark
i still stumble over the question, how many children do you have?
interior department aims to slice section from endangered species act
reid, warren meet with progressive groups ahead of looming government shutdown
a global inspiration: 'queen of katwe' brings worldwide message of faith, resilience for youth
annual teeth cleaning reveals three previously unnoticed rows of teeth
lamelo ball scores 92 points in a single high school basketball game
sexually transmitted zika highlights brazil's rampant inequality
internet's newest mystery involves justin timberlake hooking up with a spice girl
long-lost salamander rediscovered in guatemalan jungle
bill clinton's welfare reform law is kicking up to 1 million people off food stamps
nation's fourth-graders continue to trail nation's fifth-graders
american muslims are fearful but resilient about their place in trump's america
45-minute phone call to credit card company goes great
rex tillerson calls reports of his ouster 'laughable'
waiting for primary returns at a heroin anonymous meeting
4 new trumps shaking fast track's house of (trading) cards
cleveland, ohio is a magical place
are made-from-scratch ice cream shops on the rise? we hope so
clinton commissions john williams to compose 'clinton's theme'
exhausted studio has done all it can in terms of building excitement for 'the lincoln lawyer'
the republican debate included lots of misleading claims
former marine sniper slapped with 3,000-yard restraining order
angelina jolie coming for your baby
hasbro concedes world not ready for rubik's chicken
3 ways broadband internet is improving health care and education
cat stevens declares jihad on james taylor
subsidiary publication recommends you see parent corporation's movie
these are a few of the shelters scrambling to offer winter storm refuge
every conceivable nook in car stuffed with trash by second hour of road trip
area woman worried she's forgetting what heath ledger looked like
lesbian ex-mayor has perfect response to ann coulter's hurricane nonsense
the most standout looks from black stars on the oscars red carpet
elizabeth warren slams 'bizarre' glass-steagall statements from trump's treasury secretary
don't call khloe kardashian 'the fat sister'
woman jumps into suv and stabs denver fire chief, police say
man just wants one trip to laundromat where he doesn't meet perfect woman
let's get trump's evangelical council to resign
man desperately trying to wring every last ounce of relaxation from final day of vacation
laura bush suspects anniversary card penned by speech writer
huffpost hill - can hillary clinton give out 600 snow shovels, meet with a bunch of rich lesbians and have it all?
pueblo indians can't keep pace with area mom's appetite for earthenware
grieving daughter says mom drinks too much and started bringing home 'random men' since dad died
musings after a day at the museum
kate middleton and the debilitating disease that leaves you feeling lost and alone
hands-off mom lets kids create own psychological issues
3 steps to planning the perfect road trip
boy calls 911 to ask deputies over for family's thanksgiving dinner
fans erupt over fate of elias koteas' olinsky on 'chicago p.d.'
pet's death text messaged
dvd contains 87 minutes of previously unseen movie
daily news threatens union drivers
chinese newlyweds wondering what they're going to do with all this medicinal bear bile
16 fashionable sneakers you can wear to work
mental illness determined not to let stigma of area man define it
all flights grounded after faa officials suddenly realize that man was not meant to fly
zac efron's younger brother also has ridiculous abs
meeting logs: obama quietly coddling big oil on 'bomb trains' regulations
nfl pregame ceremony honors retired 52-year-old cornerback as oldest living former player
barbra streisand to take rare public dump
reclaiming the sacred: five uniting religious principles
the gop's stockholm syndrome
dad from 2150 can't get enough iraq war documentaries
kate hudson shows off her pipes with cover of prince's 'nothing compares 2 u'
mother still searching for preschool that focuses exclusively on her son
dear white people, let's talk about combating racism
take a look inside yellowstone, one of america's wildest places
the oil lobby has a pretty predictable response to obama's oil tax proposal
i was openly gay on my high school team and heard slurs all the time
wacky forensics investigation turns autopsy-turvy
when spirituality and entrepreneurship overlap
stephen baldwin's personal assistant promoted to stephen baldwin
north korea returns to normalcy with synchronized disco jump-rope gala
resisting resistance: what's next in the fight against malaria?
report: countless invasive species detained in epa black sites
john kasich compares federal debt to a burning rome, says republicans share blame
pathetic 4-year-old needs father to stand on merry-go-round platform for entire ride
clinton campaign treasurer crushed to death after stack of campaign funds topples over
kendrick lamar deletes 'rhymezone.com' from internet history
what to do about charlottesville
snoop dogg rips trump in 'make america crip again'
how to pitch healthy living
new york homeless speak out on government aid, shelter programs
precocious teen able to read, write
grey parrot disappointed to discover rest of aviary a bunch of idiots
person of interest detained after california mosque 'firebombed'
hot girl's number lingered on
building collapse after torrential rains kills at least 21 in mumbai
teen on birthright trip hadn't expected to see so many dead palestinians
toby keith struggling to come up with rhyme for ahmadinejad
6 stunning rooms that prove tile deserves to be so much more than a backsplash
paramount home video pleased to bring man feature presentation
saturday's morning email: funnies edition
nervous flyer screwed by pals who secretly pack dildo in his bag (nsfw)
colbert's mcdonald's all-day breakfast prophecies are coming true
melania trump responds to charlottesville clashes before president does
your compliments are gross and so are you
amazon offering 'more deals than black friday' in epic prime day sale
integrating roma into europe's future: change must come from within
report: majority of mothers would drop kids off at warehouse called 'fun zone' for hour of free time, no questions asked
great barrier reef experiences its worst coral die-off
michele bachmann thankful no americans died in sikh shooting
before the end of the year...
here's the smart thing the nfl is doing to fix its dumb catch rule
12% of federal government that's currently functioning to shut down
doctor of man who contracted hiv on prep discusses his findings and what they mean
joe scarborough says trump made rob porter 'the victim' in domestic abuse allegations
nytimes.com's plan to charge people money for consuming goods, services called bold business move
iman shumpert helped deliver his baby, and headphones were involved
guy eats own weight in combos over three-month period
wife unfazed by husband's sad e-mails to other women
cheney suspects bush listening in on other phone
9 brands with sexy spokesmodels over 50
'prince of pot' spends last 4/20 in prison
jon hamm to overenthusiastic fan: 'you're ruining me for everyone'
why traveling is the smartest way to spend your tax refund
travelling through the feminine mystique to lesbian feminism
the 'gilmore girls' revival is best when it talks about grief
breweries donate 205,000 cans of water to harvey victims
activists: syrian warplanes bomb isis training camp
kim kardashian and hillary clinton take the ultimate selfie
4 stunning spring dresses for boomer women
9 ways you're failing at life, according to old school latino parents
itunes is illegal under uk copyright law
russian lawyer admits to repeatedly informing kremlin of trump campaign's ineptitude
the perfect to keep a sexy bod and still enjoy your vacation
botanists discover trees are all slowly trying to strangle each other
no velvet rope for healthcare abroad
man who hasn't moved in six hours repeatedly welcomed back by tv
another trumpian senate contender links obama to orlando shooting
the cyberspace revolution: why are the media ignoring it?
republicans address income inequality by offering middle class hot stock tip
earthquake kills 54 rescue workers' weekend plans
why does this town have two grenade launchers?
no shave november: crowdfunding cancer research with body hair
meet the 28-year-old who helped pave the way for marriage equality in germany
trump proposed a wall to protect his golf course from the effects of climate change
bruce jenner okay following deadly car crash
coach angry every player gets a trophy
impulse -- ep.9
dnc chair debbie wasserman schultz is taking a ton of heat for helping payday lenders
trump gives muslim on fence about radicalizing just the push he needed
pastor ripped for posting video of woman in wheelchair towed by truck
report: 3 players in nfl currently do not have concussions
delta air lines resumes flights after computer systems suffer power outage
teen worried about friend who tried pot
think pynk
man confused by compliment from person whose career he can't help
man fears he may never trust again after treasured picture of duck turns out to be rabbit
woman accused of heinous sex crimes against 3-year-old and dog
vacationing family visits world's biggest asshole
the political theology of trumpian evangelicalism
man proud of food he ordered
saudi executioner thinks he pulled something in shoulder during last 10 decapitations
cvs cashier can't wait to accept $20 bill from customer purchasing 3 different cough medications
trump's new travel ban could hinder research on hiv and mental health
ebola and the fear that makes us stupid
anti-immigrant signs pop up on california highways as state becomes a sanctuary
former mouseketeer marque 'tate' lynche found dead at 34
elderly parents staying active by frequently going to friends' funerals
these photos of abandoned places around the world are real creepy
voice inside cheering libyan rebel's head: 'oh, fuck, now what?'
this woman serves chicken to homeless.. wearing a funky chicken hat
a mother's personal story about her trans child and public bathrooms
department of interior employee caught embezzling 50,000 wolves
don blankenship's defeat is a relief to the families of upper big branch miners
man dives haphazardly into conversation like wounded osprey
clinton sold
brian williams takes over 'today'
use twitter like a pro with these simple keyboard shortcuts
area man's recommended daily caloric intake exceeded by 9 a.m.
the problem with science journalism: we've forgotten that reality matters most
fox ordered to cancel upcoming when presidents are assassinated live special
top foreign policy officials go after trump for national security council changes
is the fda sleeping on the job when it comes to sleeping pills?
chris hughes throws in the towel, puts 'new republic' up for sale
'decision 2000' actually made in smoke-filled room in 1997
new study finds nothing that will actually convince you to change your lifestyle so just forget it
my disastrous search for the perfect swimsuit
lights go on: part li -- a single word
behind peter thiel's plan to destroy gawker
richard grieco's star power inadvertently donated to goodwill
these simple facebook shortcuts will save you time
lifetime releases the first trailer for toni braxton's 'unbreak my heart'
scientists trace campus-wide pussy shortage to zbt house
guy wearing thumb drive around neck wonders if you tried hard reboot
gregg popovich goes full throttle on 'soulless coward' donald trump
stress and performance anxiety, part 2
chattanooga shooter obtained some guns legally, intended to 'murder' police: officials
christian bale glad to be done with most humiliating experience of professional life
family knows not to interrupt dad while he's skimming pool, listening to orioles radio broadcast
eco-friendly junkies launch needle re-use program
james holmes shows up to court wearing glasses with eyeballs dangling out on springs
fingerprints on bathroom stall hopefully just menstrual blood
how repealing obamacare will hit the lgbt community extra-hard
no leads sought in asshole's murder
trump's revised travel ban is still mired in prejudice
new u.s. currency expires if not spent in two weeks
struggling high school cuts football—nah, just kidding, art it is
how i can lighten up in the wake of overwhelming loss
mikhail gorbachev says nato is escalating cold war with russia 'into a hot one'
10 worst states for business
iranian scientist annoyed he has to go back to shitty old job building nuclear weapons
18 halloween costume ideas for people who wear glasses
inner-city prodigy earns ged at age 11
trump lawyer shares image of hillary saying she 'murdered an ambassador'
elderly woman to teeter, quiver
another pufferfish dies bitter and friendless
'the onion' hires several pastry chefs away from entenmann's to form new bakery
survey: genital stimulation maintains popularity
dan fogelberg fails to soothe area lite 108 listener
5 gorgeous home office ideas
whole foods transforms another ordinary vegetable into status symbol
new report finds it took humans 3,000 years after developing language to work up confidence to talk to each other
amazing medical discovery to add years of fish-oil consumption to man's life
black father gives son the talk about holding literally any object
god proclaims raspberries 'now even more berrilicious'
bill clinton resting up to sit upright at next debate
exclusive: ginger minj's 'white christmas' video premiere
hero teacher stops high school shooter in washington state
preparing for retirement after a divorce
peta complains as revised sat tested on chimpanzees
38 women accuse director james toback of sexual misconduct
surge soda is back! (and has already sold out once)
4 ways caffeine keeps you from realizing your potential
orlando survivor angel colon takes first steps by himself since tragedy
'i didn't just scream'
man builds 'star trek'-themed cabin out of junk
pregnant cancer patients shouldn't terminate or delay treatment
for trump, it's the show that counts
tlc's my husband's not gay: damaging for mormons, especially gay mormon youth
jake tapper's grim reminder: steve bannon isn't the problem. trump is.
flaming bag of shit intended for apartment 314
sabra hummus: cedar's hummus lacks experience necessary to become america's no. 1 hummus
why it's important to read every word of every divorce document you sign
friday talking points -- new speaker's speaking problem
things learned in the first month of having a baby
christian rock band cleans up hotel room
stephen colbert does the real math on donald trump's promised border wall
sauce-spatter analysis allows investigators to reconstruct horrific, grisly consumption of meatball sub
scientists reveal the secret key to charisma
arcade fire, bon iver, strokes form supergroup for one night only
unpublished twain autobiography rails against youtube, bp, war in afghanistan
suave releases new 20-year leave-in conditioner
24 feminist school supplies for empowered girls
unemployed, miserable man still remembers teacher who first made him fall in love with writing
here are the wobbly democrats who could make or break the iran deal
24 powerful reactions to leelah alcorn's death
trump's ban on trans people in the armed forces is a call to arms
parents peeved their kids' hatchimals are cursing up a storm
report: this not a gun
campus tour guides reminded to use official name for rape hall
'egyptian jon stewart' bassem youssef introduces 'muslim morning after kit'
u.s. postal service appoints first leather-clad postmistress general
the new york times has suspended glenn thrush amid sexual misconduct claims
manson's loved ones ask for complete, utter chaos in their time of grief
american airlines, us airways merge to form world's largest inconvenience
more signs of fuzzy math in the bernie sanders health plan
sex life embellished during doctor visit
paul giamatti lauded for supporting role in area murder
even americans who favor gun control aren't very optimistic about it
cam girl has ash on forehead
scottish independence: proudly small or proudly together?
watch: snow drifts were no match for this determined freight train
4 dishes that will make you love mediterranean food
man who lost leg to whale decides to let it go
narcissist convinced total strangers would want his organs
gorsuch, like thomas, will get his big payback
aid workers face an underreported sexual violence crisis
historical archives: a salt cake recipe
'amazing grace' bidding war erupts, aretha franklin lawsuit could be resolved
'deadpool 2' trailer debuts josh brolin's cable and other x-citing mutants
man who keeps keys on carabiner must rappel into office building every morning
authority figure demands to know meaning of this
subway drops jared fogle as spokesperson
fisher-price designer would like to see 2-year-old try and choke on newest version
trump boys attempting to tunnel from south lawn to fbi headquarters to free paul manafort from custody
barack obama 'tiger beat' cover clinches slumber party vote
russia's medvedev: trump administration is powerless
on the future of wagnerism, part 8:  macon, georgia, the road leads back to you
vladimir putin's childhood besties defend their 'petty' pal in 'snl' spoof
the five biggest lies about obamacare
crazed gunman critically injures 4
study: majority of americans not informed enough to stereotype chechens
nation's prospective college applicants go straight to princeton review's 'best college radio station' rankings
older but still young at heart
megyn kelly says trump sexism question 'wasn't an attack'
study finds more evidence that coffee can be a life saver
touring raffi refuses to play 'shake my sillies out'
school surprised to learn student committed suicide over pressures of intro to communications
reda kateb takes an oath in hippocrates
9 parenting lessons we've learned from kate middleton
destruction of rainforest cafe clears room for new hooters
food network goes off air after every possible iteration of ingredient combinations completed
area man honored to have name in hat
new pepsi product specifically mentions target demographic in name
company to use internet to waste money, employees' time
convention-goer removes name tag, vanishes back into world of anonymous hilton orlando guests
everyone outraged catholic priest did that thing everyone jokes about
tissue feeling a certain responsibility to lift tissue behind it halfway out of box
rising star john kerry's stirring speech paves way for 2016 presidential run
local muppet held for questioning in chicken sex ring
sunset shot at
tank operator wishes buddies back home could see him now
(video) smg eyes virtual reality tech, dynamic storytelling
france to ban cell phones in lower grades
tom clancy treated like he's some kind of terrorism expert
woman who doesn't use facebook completely out of touch with friends' prejudices
jaws of death used to stuff woman into burning car
u.s. still enjoying small but loyal following
the magical dolphins of slovenia
greenspan just repeating detractors' criticisms in high-pitched girly voice
new york giants release josh brown amid horrifying abuse revelations
sunday roundup
exclusive: family of teen shot near ferguson during confrontation with police speaks out
why scott walker's views on evolution are totally relevant
bombing anniversary a reminder of the radical right's rage
these images show what an impeachment looked like 150 years ago
trump administration increasingly at odds with u.s. intelligence community
nation struggling to keep track of how far along it is in all its ongoing grieving processes
louis c.k. sends out epic email annihilating donald trump's candidacy
report finds populace has collective goodwill to come together for only 5 more national tragedies
after one too many fouls, the world cup deserves a red card
update: 'the onion' has halted production on our travel tips video narrated by jeremy piven
donut-shaped thing in kitchen junk drawer has no discernible purpose whatsoever
puppy love leads to human baby
elderly woman casually mentions wish to die
sarah byrne's gps guide for happiness
to be a president for all americans, trump must address hate incidents committed in his name
foul play suspected in destruction of world's second-largest ball of twine
man from future can't stop living in the less-far-into-the-future
the beverly hills hotel and the dangers of keyboard activism
the making of 'alias grace,' a margaret atwood true-crime mystery
marriage equality, but what about divorce?
watch john malkovich perform as a 'lady' in david lynch homage
why america's public media can't do its job
nasa announces plan to replace voyager record with streaming service that aliens can browse from any device
in francis' vatican, the homeless get vip treatment
japanese prime minister resigns to seek revenge on man who killed his family
faa installs 36,000-foot-tall air traffic lights
decades of hosts return for 'gma' anniversary
how the axact scandal changed pakistan's media
u.n. tribunal swayed by thousands of children's letters to milosevic
joe walsh executed to keep 'eagles greatest hits' sales ahead of 'thriller'
bold intern giving parents tour of office
moving to new city to solve all of area man's problems
arsenio hall tapped to host 'bet honors'
report: 10 million killed annually by stepping out of comfort zones
women aren't immune to sexism anywhere, even at the olympics
driving instructor has own gas pedal in case student total pussy
vine stars chris & shan get super awkward with huffpost 6x60
area man refuses to accept bus-route change
16 states back a lawsuit to block anti-planned parenthood measure
watch live: reproductive rights at forefront on wisconsin primary day
the 'pitch perfect 2' super bowl trailer is aca-here
god recalls 1983 speedboat accident that sent him to heaven
report: mothers not paying attention to 80% of cool things nation's boys do
north korea test-fires ballistic missile in defiance of world pressure
why do weddings cost so much?
'you better give our dad a good trade deal or you'll be sorry!' shout angry trump boys on phone with employee of local chinese restaurant
steven avery has no doubts he'll be a free man again after nephew's conviction overturned
psychopath joins fourth straight republican administration
how do we form and build meaningful relationships in the digital age? (nsfw)
scott pruitt nervously picks up walking pace as hundreds of whooping cranes begin silently perching around him
this comedian makes a solid case for why gatorade should sponsor him
alarming report finds only 6% of earth's surface indoors
these drag superstars are searching for the world's first drag supermonster
national filmstrip board calls for quiet
god announces plans to slowly wean humans off religion
reverend blessed with nine-inch penis
report: america ready for third ketchup brand
trade war with u.s. would bring 'disaster' to world economy, china warns
airbnb under fire from new 'share better' campaign
best buy employee going to tell you what he has at home
watch: gop hopefuls can't answer 'just one question': would you have invaded iraq?
morale low at state department after only employee fired
brutal reality check turns three
study finds more americans waiting to start secret second families until later in life
travel channel blows its 'bed and breakfasts of new england' wad
french prime minister: we are at war against radical islam
catchphrase from 'the love guru' overheard
all-american ticket hails from alaska, panama canal zone
why being #1 isn't all it's cracked up to be
the man and art behind andy warhol's silver factory
bar mitzvah transforms jewish boy into elderly man
a big shift is coming, and it could uber-ize entire industries
procrastinating attorney just reuses opening statement from last trial
isis releases more than 200 captive yazidis in iraq
anna deavere smith on the 44th jefferson lecture and the search for american character
10 things to expect when you have cancer
a new generation of small farmers is emerging in atlanta
family mercifully pulling plug on grandfather unaware they sending him directly to hell
'dallas' revival to feature elderly j.r. begging to be shot
bus transporting carnival cruise passengers crashes into sewage treatment plant
navy officer runs half-marathon in 85-pound suit to raise money for veteran amputees
man panics after reaching age where parents prematurely started family
here's how to become kris jenner's assistant, according to kris jenner
arizona republicans want to prosecute protesters the same way they do terrorists
et, access hollywood, tmz choppers hovering above scene of gruesome red carpet dress
hamburger for my valentine
daring bush returns from egypt with crystal skull
the surprising benefit of going through hard times
new snowden revelation could spark turmoil among nations
rep confirms those david bowie rumors about scattering his ashes at burning man are 'untrue'
brad pitt and the kids fill in for angelina at 'unbroken' premiere
sci-fi fans argue the better of two as-yet-unreleased films
latest news of israeli-palestinian violence makes man hungry for falafel
hollywood talent agency ditches usual oscar party in favor of anti-trump rally
federal troops seize neglected child in pre-dawn raid
cormac mccarthy flaunts sexy new beach body
joy reid: gop in bizarre mirror universe where clinton is guilty, trump is blameless
the most beautiful acceptance speech this week came from a queer korean
area man coughs to let others know he's in bathroom
woman all geared up to complain about work sidelined by friend with marital problems
chrissy teigen wants to know if kim kardashian is still down for dinner
starring in hollywood blockbusters los angeles man's only claim to fame
has the college sports arms race spiraled out of control?
recipe for a great mom: reflections from one outnumbered male
new web series aims to tell stories of love, addiction and healing
world cup vs. planet earth
super bowl ads are a great way to waste money
breaking: nunes memo exposes deep bias, corruption in devin nunes
the 'titanic ii' will bring history to life with its 2018 maiden voyage
mcdonald's announces new spearmint after-dinner big mac
burger king's royal taster found dead
dear blue bear (you s.o.b)
new country-music video has look of 1991 rock video
most incompetent coworker once again shines at office halloween party
alcohol-themed party a success
asian economic woes force layoffs of 700,000 pop stars
it unclear which half of couple settling
everyone on defense team an equally matched romantic interest for member of prosecution
trump announces 40-month-long search to fill fbi director post
do you have what it takes to be a prison censor?
let's wish medicare and medicaid a happy birthday by fighting to protect and expand them
porn actress very nearly appears to enjoy ejaculation in face
sex abuse survivor quits pope's commission, citing 'shameful' resistance
bush determined to find warehouse where ark of covenant is stored
new study finds box still world's most popular container
cory booker, kamala harris, elizabeth warren assure dreamers they'll never stop fighting for the 2020 nomination
is the 'gay parent trap' killing queer culture?
big banks' mortgage units -- still failing customers -- face new restrictions
chris farley has hilarious cardiac arrest
terrified families fleeing northern gaza airstrikes seek refuge with un
how to make the perfect mother's day breakfast
woman sets google alert for kevin costner
ladykiller gets life sentence
gop leaders' daughters: 'it's pretty fucked up if we're the only reason you're denouncing trump's statements'
sources: nfl knew what evil lurking within heart of man
microwave-resistant potato alarms scientists
dad admits killing family on facebook: 'now my family is pain free'
psa: these are the places where it's ok to breastfeed
study: shoving, yelling makes things go faster 76% of time
groom not about to let some 6-year-old dance with his bride
real valentines for exhausted parents
twitter paints a bleak futuristic picture of #trickortreatin100years
blindfolded panetta shipped to kabul in hilarious cia hazing ritual
california lawmakers want uc davis chancellor to resign
upset woman forced to re-sigh louder
even as 2018 looms, most in congress nearly always vote with trump
because we already miss 'veep,' here are some arrogant jonah lines that didn't make it into season 5
justice stevens retires to spend more time dying in front of family
deadly tornadoes rip through texas as floods threaten midwest
food critic's wife makes the best lasagna she possibly can
'urban legends true,' says friend of cousin's roommate
hanukkah 2016: dates, rituals and history of the festival of lights
man points out town where he threw up
sen. richard burr: the cloak and dagger senator
cia to shift focus to greeting cards
sean spicer announces there only enough time left in career for couple more questions
slain cop had only 37 years until retirement
it's agreed: former cia chief michael hayden didn't kill jesus
8 common habits that are completely killing the chances of living out your dream
netflix switches over to convenient new physical locations
gop senator concedes democrats had a better process when passing health care law
france votes in first round of presidential election
poll: ted cruz currently leads among voters disputing boundaries of neighbor's yard
budget cheat day lets government splurge on anything it wants once a week
high school students protest racist language by staging a walkout
real life "twister" kills 117
u.n. warns trump may be 7 months away from acquiring nuclear weapons
is allegiance to white supremacy greater than allegiance to god?
area man finally in enough pain to go to doctor
study finds fewer millennials want to live
let's stop donald trump from wielding his budget as a weapon against hardworking immigrant families
2012 was once considered hottest year on record, man in 2024 remembers wistfully
apartment kind where weed just left out on coffee table
feds break up brutal las vegas man-fighting ring
why i love my mom jeans
the 5 things about clothing you don't need to tell older women
charlie palmer brings his steakhouse to nyc
adolescent girl reaching age where she starts exploring stepfather's body
to domestic violence survivors, the alexandria shooter's history is all too familiar
amy schumer and her boyfriend hit a home run with hilarious kiss cam appearance
viacom demands youtube pull 400,000 ex-tv viewers from its site
u.s. mint employee disciplined for putting own face on nickels
copy editor's revenge takes form of unhyphenated word
open floor plan increases office shooter's productivity by 95%
former mormon missionary center leader accused of sexual assault
local news anchor happy as hell, going to take it  for long, long time
here's why french queer activists hung a banner against french president macron
boy spends his allowance on hundreds of books for inmates
pork chop trapped in airtight container
the box office saw its worst weekend in years
this behind-the-back bunt almost doesn't make sense at first
16 quick highlights from j.j. abrams and chris rock's tribeca film festival talk
my money is on a trump victory
tv is finally catching up with real single women
tuesday's morning email: prep school drug kingpins busted
seinfeld nears streaming video deal, yada yada
what you should know before making a major life change
trump announces he's a very sad man
billy eichner boogied with obama and ellen got all the details
dead civilians and the language of war
these vintage ads prove we had no idea what the future would actually look like
former mugabe deputy to be sworn in as president
donald trump cancels press event with black pastors after finding out they're not endorsing him
kentucky police stop using 'punisher' logo after realizing what it means
billionaire ceo donates rat's ass to world's poor
amid protests, greece passes painful reforms to attain fiscal targets
movie deemed acceptable for mom and dad
watch rory gilmore geek out with michelle obama in 'gilmore girls' teaser
navy sailor surprises 7-year-old daughter at football game
friday's morning email: trump promises he "alone" can fix american chaos
emergency crew rushes to pull child out of football huddle
while jeff sessions belittles pacific islands, poet teaches resistance
jupiter's liberals worried about their ammonia footprint
area man dying to tell someone his cool password
donald trump implodes his way to strongest fundraising month yet
louis c.k. just dropped a new show
'waitress' star finds strength in the female narrative on broadway
area man, woman each have thorough list of why they should break up on standby
here's what congress is doing about lead pipes in flint and elsewhere
new surveys: grown-ups love social media and cyberbullying top concern for parents
obama adviser john podesta's biggest regret is not getting ufo files released
barbershop pole finally runs out
laid-off website designer designs website about being laid off
democalypse or ass-whuppin'?
less fear, more courage
director of high-school play buys director's chair out of own pocket
solitute creek is deaver at his most dynamic
los angeles train hits car on tracks and derails, 21 hurt
what's next for nba in donald sterling case from a legal standpoint?
viral photo catches alabama cop helping homeless father and son
cocktail-party guest cornered by joel stein
fashion designer prabal gurung is raising thousands for survivors of nepal's earthquake
vilsack reprimanded for spending work hours writing corn blog
bloated, rotund bernie sanders reveals he has finished drinking all of flint's water supply
helen maroulis beats a legend to win first u.s. gold in women's wrestling
when trump goes low, latinos go high
spokeswoman gives birth to spokeschild
men of snl mansplained the 'day without a woman' in spot-on skit
meet the student who got the democratic candidates to discuss black lives matter
aziz ansari pissed about accepting british award in person ... in la
russell simmons denies rape accusations with #notme
budget woes force heaven to reduce eternal life to 500 billion years
girlfriend's birthday weekend a nightmarish, labyrinthian journey through her darkest, most depraved desires
epa accidentally spills millions of gallons of waste, turning river orange
remembering that may of 1963
this note left in robert griffin iii's locker sure seems like a clue to his future
head of irs has personal filing system to keep track of nation's tax returns
dog missing for almost a decade reunites with family in colorado
as lebanon, jordan, tunisia end 'marry-your-rapist' laws, where next?
this is a bad tweet, 'hardball'
local couple celebrates birth of son with ritual genital mutilation
world shocked by possible link between olympics, big money
keep the change: the beads that bought manhattan
'goodbye to the dead,' a conversation with brian freeman
huckabee forced to attend fundraiser with head stuck in molasses crock
a review: 'one teen story'
kfc, midas team up for much-anticipated crossover meal
this pup who retrieves grocery bags from car is even better than fresh direct
venture fair in athens gives greek entrepreneurs newfound hope
all of pregnant woman's favorite names used up on cats
paula broadwell crashing on petraeus family's couch until sex scandal blows over
greece sees slight uptick in refugee arrivals in august
the presidency and moral courage
why the story of muhammad ali's rebellion matters today: part 4
3 networking tips for your summer weekends
gop candidates offered cash voucher to give up spot and participate in later election
unpaid student-athletes forced to give back the $7 they got for laser tag
perverted little boy asks to sleep with parents
viral rabbit video isn't so cute when you know the real story
senate still at odds over zika funding with only 3 days left before summer break
gop congressman: getting rich will solve that whole environment thing
the importance of first responders
graphic photos from the gaza strip show utter destruction and death
this video of kids recreating 'how i met your mother' is legendary
harry styles comforts fan mid-panic attack, restores our faith in humanity
glaxosmithkline releases new drug to treat people who just feel sort of weird sometimes
james holmes elected new nra president
what should we believe: marco rubio or math?
increasing number of americans unable to point out map
best of abu dhabi: learning the games people play through the narcicyst's rise
watch: fox news guest blames mass shooting on 'homosexual impulses'
americans bravely go to polls despite threat of electing congress
michelle obama: 'well, there are 8 years of my life i'll never get back'
is obamacare repeal over? three possible outcomes
'whitey bulger ordered the murder of 19 people,' reports anonymous rat bastard
nutritionists recommend 3-4 daily servings of anything that's about to go bad
brody jenner throws shade at kimye in 'kuwtk' teaser
health: how the inevitable telemedicine trend will change healthcare forever
seventh-day adventists to vote on women's ordination in 2015
five years after sandy, lessons for today's hurricane victims
report: tv teens 15 times more likely to crack wise than real teens
jimmy carter to make rare address to britain's house of lords
millions of shrimp airlifted from oil spill disaster zone
autonomy: the self-driving car and you
'anchor babies' and the gop's manifest destiny politics
dwight howard responds to lebron james' full-court shot with one of his own
should my child play football?
michelle obama not so keen on president's new bangs
bernie sanders' son levi is running for congress
prosthetic arm stuck in vending machine
are you shamelessly self promoting?
atm flees to mexico with $50,000
john stamos finishes rehab, tweets he's 'healthy' and 'grateful'
pillsbury doughboy killed by skittish, broom-wielding housewife
the legacy i didn't know i wanted
triumph of human engineering slept through
guy you don't want to see will meet you there
paul ryan halts push to bring back earmarks
the clever gop plan to create even more gridlock
trump jr. left open possibility that dad knew of trump tower meeting at the time
marco rubio warms up to trump
area man accidentally responds to own 'm4m' ad
liberals return to sodomy, welfare fraud
public urinator gives passerby dirty look
barista gets sick little thrill telling coffee shop customers there no restroom
hope solo says ex-fifa president sepp blatter groped her
tpp: obama's folly
let the children speak
phyllis schlafly and the kingmakers
man robbed own grandmother, forced her to drink alcohol: police
20 killer recipes for your labor day cookout
archaeologists discover strata of welcome back, kotter merchandise
researchers discover new source of airborne antibiotic-resistant bacteria
spouse under fire for telling anecdote wrong
17-year-old thinks she's getting into photography
blaming black voter turnout in virginia
lizard planning to bite new owner first chance it gets
singing, dancing man just getting started
fbi quickly follows up on tip about potentially dangerous man who killed 17 in school shooting
would a push to hire more women reduce gender pay-gap? not until we fix the pipeline
thick sweater no match for determined nipples
alpha-bits now available in serif font
the new world of cutthroat apps
vietnam, revisited
report: syria running dangerously low on civilians to oppress
brian williams retreats to mountainside hut to meditate on fickle nature of truth
more than 50 tech companies take on trump's new travel ban
cnn to get all information from in-house channel 'cnn-cnn'
sole survivor of air crash has asia's 'sole survivor' stuck in head
cory booker tells seth meyers that u.s. must unite on gun safety
drug addict looking for more enabling girlfriend
in their own words: girls on self-esteem
scientists receive $10 million grant to melt stuff
thousands of pigs rescued in china after photos of flooded barn go viral
lesbian couple enjoys hot lesbian action
uncle put more thought than usual into this year's gift cards
student climate change activists deserve support and action for carbon pricing campaign
this bus stop must be near culinary school
white americans say the starbucks arrests were an isolated incident. black americans say they were part of a pattern.
new workplace diversity initiative kills one white employee every hour on the hour until more minority candidates hired
cool dentist doesn't give a shit about patients' flossing
tig notaro discusses her amazing topless performance with conan
white house: it's 'highly inappropriate' for journalists to criticize a general
ted cruz runs first ad of 2016 presidential cycle on easter weekend
laid-back company allows employees to work from home after 6 p.m.
'les misérables' takes home oscar for most sound
point of story apparently that man ate at restaurant
a celebrity's outlandish interior design request, from mark cutler (video)
let them eat cake!
there are a lot more jobs. but that isn't helping democrats for one key reason.
will puerto rico be the prequel to global post-climate change dystopia?
console wars heat up as zenith unveils gamespace pro
lgbt christians speak out: "love the sinner, hate the sin" won't cut it anymore
#trumphair is the hilarious hashtag our country deserves
20 flattering blazers that will fit over big busts
dustin lance black calls 'bullsh*t' on hollywood's view of trans actors
report: it would probably be nice having friends
mindful mantras for teachers
staples adds 'staff picks' section
leaked report: jerusalem at boiling point
stolen moment of the week: andy ofiesh and kaytlin bailey at the creek and the cave
watch how mountains of trash spread across the u.s. over 100 years
bette midler might have the best take on 'batman v superman'
breathe: raising the voice of justice
thomas whitby's ascent as a connected educator
cindy crawford and her look-alike family show support at charity event
eddie vedder finally goes away
reporters storm san bernardino shooters' home like a pack of vultures
divorced friend burning through new hobbies at unsustainable rate
report: gop tax bill supported by majority of americans currently suffocating wealthy benefactor with pillow
beekeeper slowly becoming bee hoarder
speak up and give back if you want the economy to improve
5 life lessons i learned from holding a garage sale
10 super chic holiday party ideas you'll wish you thought of first
u.s.-trained syria rebels hand over equipment to al qaeda affiliate
failure to get into private college to be most financially responsible act of 17-year-old's life
man embarrassed thinking about every opinion he's ever articulated
what it feels like to see for the first time at age 49
carrie fisher calls controversy over princess leia bikini toys 'stupid'
11 excellent books in the brand new kirkus collections
hundreds of goats invade berkeley
man's neuroses really putting genuine compliment through the wringer
white house infested with bedbugs after biden brings in recliner off the curb
5 reasons retirees need vacations too
cheney wows sept. 11 commission by drinking glass of water while bush speaks
officials unveil plan to convert underused senate chamber into storage facility
uber targeted rival lyft drivers with "hell" program, report finds
uptight matron enjoys handful of pills
obama readies for his big whcd night
23andme forensic kit informs customer what crimes he's committed
5-year-old feels like she just wasted whole carousel ride waving to dad
nasa delays shuttle launch out of sheer habit
guy moonwalks through 27 european landmarks, because why not?
first-grader reeks of urine
'not racist' guy says honoring mlk will make him show 'racist ways'
american girl recalls 50,000 dolls with chainsaws for hands
2017: silent no longer
we need a president who will continue obama's climate legacy -- not destroy it
trump turns miners' lives into a game of russian roulette
5 indefensible tweets from the nra since the oregon gun massacre
man abuses child quietly out of respect for other diners
the challenge of grief
single-parent families get 'a' rating ,from drug kingpin
planned parenthood offers virtual visits, will deliver birth control to your door
mitch mcconnell says americans won't tolerate democrats blocking supreme court nominations
illinois supreme court deems rahm emanuel sleazy enough to run for mayor of chicago
will smith and alfonso ribeiro had a 'fresh prince' reunion
john avildsen, oscar-winning director of 'rocky,' dead at 81
bernie sanders to discuss gun law with parents of aurora shooting victim
republicans argue whether obamacare repeal-and-delay strategy will work
california governor says mitch mcconnell's pro-coal effort 'borders on the immoral'
north carolina community takes on anti-muslim activist
woman fulfills manifest destiny of hardwood floor throughout home
kids love when mom sad enough to just order pizza
u.s. capitol cleaning turns up long-lost constitution
immigrants, they get the job done in amazing new 'hamilton mixtape' video
obama reminds nation that he's taking personal day next friday
senators target the 'many-headed dragon' of climate change denial
nbc admits to never actually making an episode of 'chuck'
hope hicks praying she not still in same shitty job by time she hits 30
historical archives: humor in shackles
mark wahlberg prays god will forgive him for this movie role
area veal calf is totally cramped!
donald trump revels in recounting the 'very good towels' he threw to hurricane victims
microsoft's solitaire is turning 25!
everything you worked so hard for lying in splinters at your feet
philandering string theorist can explain everything
men's mental health demands male friendship
huffpost rise: what you need to know on april 8
peeping tom tired of watching people watch television
should you marry that guy?
ruth bader ginsburg: abortion restrictions mostly hurt poor women
usda rolls out new school brunch program for wealthier school districts
texas bill would allow obs to withhold information from pregnant women
area man committed to being spicy food guy
our cross to bear
a taste of proper fun: bermuda
rightist critics of pope francis
should you be wearing underwear with your workout leggings?
matthew mcconaughey once faked an australian accent for an entire year
watch the 2016 democratic national convention live
olay introduces new line of pre-moisturized skin
does obstruction of justice trump possible russian collusion?
huffpost rise: what you need to know on march 11
jimmy fallon announces new children's book
olympic thrills, and a few chills, on a summer puget sound adventure
overworked pajama bottoms pray owner gets job soon
pope francis says his time as pope will be short, misses pizza
study: coffee drinkers at far higher risk of having mug crash to floor in slow motion after hearing their father is dead
what gets lost when a real murder becomes an entertainment craze
migrant children, uninvited guests, and welcoming the stranger
epa to drop 'e,' 'p' from name
not forgotten: the health and rights of rohingya women and girls
mad lib filled with swears
willow rented
medical professionals fact-check 'grey's anatomy' sex scenes
businesses training to be alzheimer's friendly
'95-'96 prayers finally answered
officer's life saved when he shoots bullet directly into suspect's gun
gop senator: my family went from 'cotton to congress in a lifetime'
geopolitical balance of power somehow unaffected by death of princess
guy's entire job just asking people if they have time for a quick chat
breakup letter taped to baby
sea lion rescued from santa barbara oil spill dies at seaworld
illustrators depict the everyday items giving hope to child refugees
your backyard burgers are bursting with gross bacteria
where to find the duchess of cambridge's birth announcement dress
michael phelps recreates his 'angry michael phelps face' on 'the tonight show'
parents' password a grotesque combination of children's names, birthdays
man wistfully looks around website he hasn't visited for 30 minutes
how one mom taught her 7-year-old daughter to accept her natural beauty
iran counts votes after big turnout in presidential election
baby boring
2024 financial collapse passes house 258-159
study: this descended from wolves
mystery as five czech tourists disappear in lebanese wine country
deeply held conviction immediately dropped after friend half-heartedly disagrees
pictures of smiling group of people taken where john lennon was murdered
merger of advertising giants brings together largest collection of people with no discernible skills
transportation secretary calls for $200 billion in funding to repair nation's rickety wooden bridges
jonathan rhys meyers apologizes after troubling photos emerge
several probably killed in shooting, lazy police report confirms
city offers free pot for the poor
area russian to hug you
despite regional differences, women across the globe face same career advancement challenges
doctors no closer to cure for old-person smell
'brain games' recalls thousands of defective word puzzles that gave users alzheimer's
nationwide sympathy pours in for traumatized cnn town hall survivor
want a simpler tax code? sure, but it will cost you.
my white inheritance
jim lehrer forced to report on his own botched debate moderator performance on tonight's 'newshour'
appeals court blocks d.c. gun law restricting concealed carry
television's nerdiest indian gets real
colorado congressman hangs on after splitting with donald trump
woman survives 7-story plunge from parking garage in bmw
what's working to reduce obesity?
6th-grade teacher seen making out with gamestop dude
nasa acquires moon for kennedy space center exhibit
fear is just one big joke
local radio station has got some doobie brothers coming up for you
world's fattest town makes, consumes world's largest mozzarella stick
report: most effective marketing technique still giving out little versions of product
san andreas fault feels terrible for what it's about to do
'catfishing' over love interest might have spurred uva gang-rape debacle
trump casually informs pence he going to make one or two appearances during speech
donald trump's latest attempt to repeal obamacare makes seth meyers sick
it seems 'the walking dead' season 8 trailer just trolled everyone
ivanka trump goofs up on tax law in her televised boast
newspaper formally apologizes to wookiees for a 40-year-old 'star wars' mistake
ernie hudson reportedly joins bill murray and dan aykroyd in 'ghostbusters' reboot
donald trump is doing the gop no favors among latinos, says poll
google introduces a new way to screen telemarketers
once-adventurous salmon can't believe she ended up moving back to birthplace, having a bunch of kids
7 strategies for lasting fat loss
school for crime
building a child's self esteem on stage and off
guy 'just giving you a hard time' truly despises you
a fan got a tattoo of jose bautista's bat flip
guantanamo defense lawyers in 9/11 trial aren't under fbi investigation, doj tells court
how bush was blindsided by trump
the january jobs report in pictures
nate silver is unskewing polls -- all of them -- in trump's direction
afro-textured hair: beautiful and magical or nappy heads in need of perminators?
patriotic betrayal in the 1960s -- when the cia turned students into spies
ebola, aids, and plague inc.
why u.s. allies in the middle east should be alarmed by north korea
keith olbermann asks if we should give 'president-elect p***y-grabber' a chance
area man self-conscious about all the wrong things
teary-eyed student loan officers proudly watch as $200,000 asset graduates from college
u.s-backed syrian rebels' pleas for help likely to go unanswered
mlb season ends over 200 days early after new rules speed up games way too much
homeless child apparently unaware he lives in nanny state
make-a-reasonable-request foundation provides sick child with decent seats to minnesota timberwolves game
bannon's cyst finally ruptures
the 'dead poets society' spoof on 'saturday night live' was a gory bloodfest
trump loved 'excellent actress and fine person' meryl streep in 2015
depressed businessman takes 16 power naps a day
does political correctness work?
personals ad takes hardline anti-fatties stance
scotland's parliament backs new independence referendum
so long, thimble: hasbro axes classic monopoly token
panicking mitch mcconnell shoves entire senate healthcare bill into mouth as democrat walks past
cdc study finds decrease in oral sex among teens when researchers are observing
rapidly swelling man may contain traces of peanuts
quirky restaurant's bathroom had better fucking deliver
dad opens up about the tough conversation sparked by water guns
wells fargo sued for barring daca recipients from student loans
jeopardy! viewer had no idea he knew so much about weasels
the olympic committee awards the 2024 games to macron, not trump
tyler, the creator, is a huge fan of tesla ceo elon musk
out of respect for families, horrific disaster footage repeated hourly
ape's tits incredible
moral compass lost in woods
songs from the big chair gets supersized: chats with tff's roland orzabal & curt smith, lloyd cole and lang lang...plus!
report: oyster cracker–wise, nation doing pretty good
more charges on the way in connection with baruch college hazing death
puerto rico governor calls for cancellation of whitefish contract
boyfriend vows to try harder
guy looking to feel horrible about aspect of everyday life decides to watch documentary
cosby's legal team secures imported jury, blames press for creating bias
wildfires force colorado to airlift rocky mountains to safety
spring skiing in southern vermont
mit researchers discover each other
race in america: changing reality by facing it
scientists isolate gene simmons
new york bomber sought an isis-inspired attack with failed device, investigators say
nurse being treated for ebola impressed with health workers' new gear
trump excels at business, but he has no business in international politics
man needs emotional support only a woman can feign
greenspan comes out of retirement for one more interest rate hike
here's a deleted 'broad city' scene you've never seen before
federal government to be run by cheaper mexican officials
overweight man repeatedly introduced to overweight woman at party
passengers terrified when engine cover rips off plane bound for hawaii
marco rubio makes huge push to gain millennial voters
james corden takes 'avengers' stars on an epic hollywood stars tour
trump/netanyahu meet: an exercise in fawning, fantasy and anti-palestinian incitement
ride mis-pimped
stripping women of access to health care indirectly ensures republican success
report: 32% of prayers deflected off passing satellites
people are starving in an iraqi city surrounded by u.s.-backed forces
queer icon kate bornstein holds groundbreaking conversation with theda hammel
blake griffin is actually not awful at baseball
scott walker still won't say whether obama is christian
smart shopper only purchases items with 'quality' on the label
the gift of choice
frustrated sycophant can't figure out what boss wants to hear
oh god, invitation to lunch somehow trickled down to office weirdos
first report on long-term effects of breakdancing released
jon stewart reveals the one thing he'll never do
child blissfully unaware of motel swimming pool's sordid past
the important reason why we need to embrace creativity
stephen hawking: trump's climate policies could turn earth into venus
paul pierce accidentally proves la is still a lakers town
betsy devos' track record doesn't back up her education promises
climate scientists are like 'doomsday street preachers,' fox guest says
democratic senators urge justice department leadership to protect robert mueller
oatmeal variety pack has only 'regular' flavor left
twelve more pie-fucking movies in the works
iran can reform if it follows in china's footsteps
year of law school now mandatory for nation's 25-year-olds
how trump's homophobic usda chief scientist pick directly threatens lgbtq people
reporter leads rescuers to truck driver trapped in 10 feet of water
alec confidential: inside the secretive group's annual conference
the 9/11 flag from ground zero is missing
134-year-old man attributes longevity to typographical error
dad's eyes well up at sight of perfectly packed cooler
meaning of dream obvious to everyone else
muslim women forced to remove hijab for mugshots file civil rights lawsuit
find the love you always wanted in 2015
batboy who died in tragic accident remembered
bryant gumbel thanked donald trump for nfl rant, and for good reason
netanyahu feeling like trip to us to start world war iii went pretty well
the one coworker every employee needs
a woman as indiana jones? yes, please.
'draft biden' super pac releases first ad
employee who likens self to tv's 'house' fired
ventriloquist dummy crosses line in suggesting partner is actual dummy
exhausted paul giamatti to paul giamatti from home today
congress reassures nervous zuckerberg they won't actually do anything about this
gender of person in ronald mcdonald costume unclear
romney stares uncomprehendingly at $1 bill
group files complaint against judge who sentenced man to marry girlfriend
special 'framers' cut' of constitution to feature five deleted amendments
company flat-out asks female candidate how much mileage they can get out of her before she has baby
nordstrom stopped carrying ivanka trump because no one was buying it
local neurotic to undergo invasive 32,000-hour-long therapy procedure
woman who drinks 6 cups of coffee per day trying to cut down on blue light at bedtime
handlers constantly reminding gingrich to stay on uninspiring, belittling message
what selma blair's 'outburst' teaches us about mixing pills and alcohol
after celebrating: the hard work of lgbt equality continues
how i embraced the winter blahs
obama believes black lives matter, but he didn't say it at his final state of the union
when politicians struggle to find a pathway to peace, business must step it up
32-year-old actress dies of old age
watch a new scene and promo from 'the walking dead' season 6
a painter searches for a more interconnected vision of humanity
nation finds solace in knowledge candidates taking years off own lives by running for president
joan rivers defends israel with an analogy all her own
stop freaking out about cellulite: the simple question you didn't think to ask
4 business mistakes i'll never make again
last month apparently women's history month
expiration of contract allows fergie to put on pair of pants for first time in 5 years
tufts' nutrition experts answer your questions on the benefits of berries
saudi prince flogged in court-ordered punishment, newspaper says
the return to basics in education. did we ever leave?
this adult take on a classic children's hairstyle is a must
americans aren't always as divided on gun control as it seems
makeshift opinion thrown together from viewpoint currently dominating conversation
quiz: does your home look better than you?
a starry night of gershwin by the philadelphians
new google project delivers critical info to refugees' smartphones
most humiliating experience of man's life on dvd march 6
calm sense of impending violence returns to middle east as ceasefire brokered
'avengers' sequel picks up where first film's profits left off
first nighter: choreographer christopher wheeldon sparks the gershwins' 'an american in paris'
does fashion need more for-women, by-women brands?
woman still holding onto hope that toxic friendship could blossom into a toxic relationship
residents describe terrifying escape from london apartment block fire
knowing three letters saved my life
prison teaches beekeeping to inmates and it's all the buzz
dinty moore breaks long silence on terrorism with full-page ad
trump too lazy and 'indifferent' to hurt allies by sharing intel, white house officials tell nyt
is music dead? (thoughts on the music industry after sxsw 2015)
hydraulic press proves that diamonds are sadly not forever
the one thing all personal trainers tell their clients to do more of
president obama weighs in on oscars controversy
this is what we call extreme biking
how climate change is intensifying hurricane joaquin
son of edward r. murrow says father 'real dirtbag' compared to onion reporters
biden clenches plastic beer cup in teeth to free hands for clapping
hillary's last ditch effort - the final speech
new debate rules allow for one 15-second strangulation
sophie from 'the holiday' is all grown up
george w. bush throws shade at donald trump
3 miami dolphins players kneel during anthem, reversing team policy
meet the millennial men who love hillary clinton
could gucci's clueless co-opting of queercore inspire new resistance?
wedding album off to bizarre start with photo of 2 acorns floating in glass of water
report: espn suspends another host for domestic violence comments
superfood cookie dough bites sound too good to be true, but they're not
fake melania trump dreams of day she'll retire role as donald's wife on 'colbert'
traveling in britain during a transit strike? log on to twitter.
baby doesn't realize it's a white supremacist yet
charles schulz estate releases hundreds of rare, never-before-seen images of him posing next to an easel
dinner theater play reworked to push chicken special
attention: sports fans!
russia calls syria gas attack a 'monstrous crime,' but refuses to trust u.s. conclusions
ruby rose and what makes gender non-conforming 'sexy' (or not)
donald trump's lawyer claims president was never told about son's russia meeting
area man's hairstyle history eerily mirrors kevin bacon's
cozy little out-of-the-way place opens 12th location
25 heartwarming holiday proposals that are worthy of a champagne toast
report: fbi learns of plot to download old school
pope francis to give historic address to congress
man pushed off plate of chicken wings by larger male
why your happiest day at work was 5 years ago
blindfolded clinton invites debate coaches to attack her with talking points from all sides
loft discussed at loft party
area man got so wasted and abusive last night
five reasons to love fashion designer bibhu mohapatra
'jessica jones' uses superheroes to expose the terror of domestic abuse
has d-day arrived for cuba?
you're 10 days away from more happiness
second amendment a little creeped out by how obsessed americans are with it
'the onion' is canceling our 15-second web video featuring kevin spacey
texas high school coach allegedly told black students 'i'm going to hang you in that tree'
man tries to set a fire aboard plane in china
trump's immigration proposals would change the identity of america
biden's ebay feedback rating dips below 35 percent
report: more u.s. families living with multiple generations of xbox under one roof
how many glasses of wine does it take to ruin your diet?
retired police chief says he was unlawfully detained at jfk airport
the spirit that drove us to civil war is back
comedian tracey ullman: 'we just need more women in the studio system'
chicago out of names for subdivisions
donald trump says peace in the middle east is 'one of the toughest deals'
bloodied, bruised john kerry emerges victorious at kickboxing tournament in bangkok prison
'this is a pointless trip,' obama says while shaking hands with netanyahu
nancy pelosi, paul ryan get mixed marks from their parties
joint chiefs chairman pretty sure he could pull off junta if he really wanted to
alabama native channing tatum encourages followers not to vote for roy moore
7 signs a home seller may be hiding something
kid with cancer hopes to realize dream of meeting competent oncologist
farberware releases new nonstick eggs
london's new mayor: i won't be able to visit the u.s. if donald trump wins
what is a 'male body'?
make every democratic senator filibuster gorsuch
hilarious moms lament never being in family photos
politicians ignoring the dangers of jowl implants
personal philosophy stolen from martin luther king jr.
best, most original idea man's ever had returns 114,000 google search results
sean bean's most memorable death wasn't 'lord of the rings'
principal: adding lgbt club would 'create bullying'
this is how thousands are getting ready for the people's climate march
how has digitization affected my personal life & environment so far?
mr. obama, man up and talk to assad
internet crashes as billions of people go online to purchase the onion's latest book, 'the trump leaks'
café au detroit: wi-fi with style
the 6 secrets of self-control
father of muslim american war hero to trump: 'you have sacrificed nothing'
amazon signs lease for possible store in manhattan
study finds women who want abortions are often given misleading information
terrier bravely defends family from squeak
queer film explores long-term relationships in the age of the single
stretch of highway learns it was adopted
midnight tea party in los angeles on 12/20
blue whale found dead on northern california beach likely struck by ship
think going on a diet is harmless? think again.
report: nsa's intercepted data mostly not from intended targets
farmer chases fifth wedding party out of barn this month
stinging for the fences: bees swarm padres training camp again
telling our medicine story
retirees speak out on crucial lawn care issues
am i the only virgin in college?
'very special' constitutional amendment to take on alcoholism
this is not your grandma's first brexit
here's what actually happens to the money in wishing wells
ted cruz: the media salivates when criminals are republican
getting randomly picked to make half-court shots now best way to earn living
seedless watermelon coming to grips with fact it'll never be able to have kids
danny cortez is a dangerous man
australian politician proposes to partner during same-sex marriage debate
leadership and transparency 2015: the social media imperative
report: there just something dark and intriguing about man with serious personality disorder
girlfriend loves spending 'alone time' with you
baseball season rumored to be underway
girlfriend's cat choked a little
state facing lawsuit over controversial law nullifying all federal gun regulations
30 percent of india's population now under twisted wreckage
a wrenching new ferguson documentary asks: how can we start a revolution?
'neo-nazi' teen charged with killing girlfriend's parents after they reported him
white house graciously accepts saudi prince's thank-you gift of severed yemeni head
child entertained for 5 minutes by plastic toy that will take 1,000 years to biodegrade
attorney, client privileged
20 reasons you're so lucky to have a big sister (especially as a young woman!)
'no blue, no green' -- new sylvia earle film shows power of protecting our oceans
ford: new f-150 pickup truck capable of crushing a big turtle in one go
tolerance for women and girls in afghanistan, not silence
'new hampshire' episode 3: how the heroin crisis is bleeding into the primary
man worried favorite jedi died after seeing 'obi-wan kenobi' trending
ben affleck makes first public appearance since split with jennifer garner
class of 2014: tips for renting your first post-grad apartment
national board of steve jaskoviak requests $10 billion bailout
area man proud of blood type
ashley graham's new swimwear line uses unedited paparazzi photos
spelling bee champion returns to school a hero, he imagines
brexit prompts calls from other nations to leave eu
everyone thinks this is lady gaga's character in 'american horror story'
no one in family sure who trip to arboretum is geared toward
bullying prevention: the power of empathy
mitt romney frantically running around ohio smiling and waving
sunday roundup
study: 'hangin' in there' best one can now feel
former cia officials give turkish coup plotters advice on cnn
creating a chemically-free home is easier and cheaper than you think
freelancer loves being able to barely scrape by livelihood on own schedule
obama: joe biden's got 'his own decisions to make' about 2016
6 things you need to know about the nation's strictest medical weed law
flustered mathematician unable to recommend good number
thousands march in france over the murder of an 85-year-old holocaust survivor
pool noodle has another season in her
strangely compelling 'shybot' roams california desert avoiding humans
timothée chalamet says contract blocked him from criticizing woody allen, supporting dylan farrow. it didn't.
hear social media obsessed teen's reaction when her parents take away phone
perky optimist brings joy everywhere she leaves
'star wars' gopro video shows what it's like to be a jedi in battle
burglar hiding in pistorius' bathroom figures now probably his best chance to escape
text history with mom a succinct chronology of relatives' hospital visits
bikini-clad britney spends spring break with her sons
is ukraine fascist?
three generations of love stories
aides clip toenails, wash hair of mumbling, bedsore-ridden trump as president enters 155th straight hour of watching cable news
what our grieving family needs from loved ones this holiday season
savage attack on oasis of calm in dhaka shakes expat community
syrian rebels to exit aleppo as truce begins
new tech-support caste arises in india
epa unveils plan to improve conditions for nation's sludge
scientists develop new extra-sloppy peach
the army tells its soldiers to get some sleep
horrible pack of theme-restaurant waitresses alerted of patron's birthday
supreme court debuts new spaghetti strap sun-robes for spring
trump, in oval office, signs first executive order on obamacare
male gaze falls on buffalo chicken bites
wolf pack fails to raise orphaned infant
of course dick morris might join the trump campaign
6 incredible photos that show the world we need to protect
43-year-old figured he would've grown out of waving to self on security cameras by now
houston woman contracts flesh-eating bacterial infection from harvey floodwaters
wedding videographer clearly shooting side project during ceremony
you don't have to agree with donald trump to be upset about trade policy
area man reduced to this
what to do when someone gives you a gift and you didn't get them one
voyager probe badly damaged after smashing into end of universe
lindsey graham's leaked voicemails are very revealing
try your hand at making sarah palin's donald trump endorsement even wilder
why i'm attending the cop21 climate talks as an educator
when i own my sexuality, will i need queer visibility any less?
new study finds running for 20 minutes each day could add years of soreness to life
nation has heart set on last muffin
another sigma nu chapter suspended over offensive remarks about women
world's luminaries crowd around 'time' 100 list posted on editor's door
can you survive five days on the amazon?
police finally make breakthrough in decades-old marijuana possession cold case
gunman kills teen, police officer in shooting spree
obama warns he may cease to exist unless america believes in him
why should we celebrate earth day?
climate change is taking a toll on farmers' mental health
fox host links immigration reform to upcoming ferguson grand jury decision
senator brings obscene material to national attention
hillary unleashes, while ivanka keeps quiet
bus passenger suspects man in next seat might be having conversation with him
hillary clinton pleasantly surprised after finding old $20,000 donation check in coat pocket
10 biggest myths about being an escort
obamacare helps uninsured americans become blindingly enraged at insurance companies
lindsey graham warns trump: firing mueller would be 'beginning of the end'
trump's department of homeland security is cruelly separating asylum-seeking families
dysfunctional family brought together by liquor
cafepress.com announces sweeping privacy changes after improperly sharing the t-shirt sizes of millions of americans
philando castile's high school classmates award first scholarship in his honor
this u.s. district could 'demolish the glass ceiling' in november with first all-female ticket
tom delay to pursue corruption in private sector
despite social liberalization at home, saudi arabia continues to promote islamic radicalism abroad
texas schools to no longer teach students about autoerotic asphyxiation
ailing castro begins 750,000 last words
tyson foods executives assure critics their chickens physically incapable of walking even if they had room
angela bassett set to direct lifetime's 'whitney houston' film
empire of destruction
guitar-instruction manual has eddie van halen on cover, 'go tell aunt rhody' inside
gal gadot surprises college student with first wonder woman scholarship
club for growth attacks donald trump with new ads in iowa
local child amuses cafébut for how long?
report: this just the 30th wake-up call woman needed
study reveals majority of suicides occur while trying to put fitted sheet on bed
hyperrealistic drawings ask viewers to take a closer look at homeless communities
student snaps awake upon hearing word 'hydroponics'
trump raises $50 million at fundraiser where gop donors get to watch him weep for 2 hours
democrats are using social security as a weapon -- against other democrats
bill de blasio, adam smith and the living wage movement
melissa joan hart explains it all about being a '90s queen
sadly, gift certificate to loews cinemas perfect gift for area man
in sad, sad press conference, milo says 'free speech week' is now just one measly rally
democrats score special election upset in wisconsin gop stronghold
25 stunning snaps to kick off wedding season
nonindigenous larry  crosses state lines
8 diy holiday gifts your friends will actually want
the 12 craziest outfits celebrities wore in november
sara gilbert crush finally starting to subside
77% of us feel bad about wasting food, but aren't sure what to do
presidential debate commission anesthetizes audience to prevent outbursts during debate
vatican unveils new pope signal
camera crew discreetly trails overweight woman for obesity segment
inside paris with an urban explorer
'suicide squad' kills box office competition with massive $135.1 million debut
update: taylor swift back together with ex-boyfriend christopher dorner
huffpost rise morning newsbrief, october 20
area man not about to tie his shoe when he's 4 blocks away from sitting down
god announces plans to shift majority of resources tied up in humanity project to birds, rocks
laura ingraham learned the hard way she can't do what the boys do at fox news
obama turns 50 despite republican opposition
gm announces plans to recall driverless car by 2021
raving maniac just saying what everyone wants to hear
puking statue will make you feel sick -- but you need to look
4 must-know facts about clinton wealth
report: you know you are a fucking idiot, right?
pet winterized
pope francis asks congregation if it's okay if they do a low-key easter this year
what brexit can mean for travelers in the near future
is american democracy doomed?
report: freezers in healthy choice corporate offices probably stocked with every kind of healthy choice you could imagine
'we're in this together, you guys,' reports newest member of crunch gym
man filled with gratitude at sight of other customer in nice restaurant wearing jeans
college roommates to continue bonding process until real friends made
woman gives birth to her new (book) baby in hilarious photoshoot
catherine zeta-jones happy to see people on internet would still hit that
clinton forced to kneel before zod
i love my boyfriend, but i hate our relationship: on non-monogamy
father of war hero near tears as he pleads with paul ryan, mitch mcconnell to 'repudiate' trump
democrats split over opposing government funding bill that doesn't protect dreamers
what is a reverse mortgage?
'family' groups praise president trump's decision to roll back trans rights
scottish leader puts trump on notice in model response to his win
single fat kid takes 50 years off jungle gym's life
kiddie pool falls into disrepair
the sales of the week will make you forget that it's 30 degrees in april
whitey bulger verdict interrupted by ben affleck shouting commands from director's chair in balcony
glimpse of gene shalit on tv reminds woman it's time for bikini wax
kim kardashian is back on the town, and her look is... interesting
biting argument over trump may cost man his ear
cincinnati campus police had surge in citations against black motorists and pedestrians
gina rodriguez is giving trailblazing women the awards show they deserve
here's who the obamas invited to the state of the union address
local pet store sells living things to just anyone off the street
britney spears' abs are your monday morning workout motivation
not very good album takes a little while to get into
obama supporter has perfectly improbable explanation absolving president from blame for scandals
peruvian shockingly knowledgeable about u.s. history
damning video surfaces of trump accepting gop nomination for president
human rights for hindus remains elusive in some parts of the world
with ebola no longer an international emergency, let's recall how america lost its mind over it
reb zalman's unique funeral
documentary a scathing indictment of director's filmmaking skills
ben carson bizarrely attacks cnn host in hostile interview
civilization collapses
crush on williams-sonoma employee costing man a fortune
here's how to tell if hillary clinton will keep her promises on trade
lin-manuel miranda disses donald trump in 'my shot' remix on 'snl'
teen accurately describes robert mapplethorpe exhibit as 'gay'
arkansas judge accused of trading sentence reductions for sex
house republicans are trying to tell the senate what to do with its filibuster
partially faded hand stamp undermining everything prosecutor says
cash-strapped trump forced to replace eric trump with cheap migrant son
dog gives priceless reaction when owner pretends to faint
responsible gun owner keeps firearms safely locked away where only he can get them during mental breakdown
rex, rob ryan finally get bunk beds they always wanted
mom reports that hometown actually has a lot going on now
six things we learned from the 'mad men' tca panel
glitch in country allows citizens to temporarily walk through tables
pope francis pardons those who dodged the draft during crusades
rich white people get latino guy to do some work for them
heart attack a real wake-up call for man's insurance provider
why these trump voters are sticking up for an undocumented neighbor
syrian refugees are among the obamas' state of the union guests
excited cia director can't wait to declassify last night's incredible mission in middle east
hillary clinton to nation: 'do not fuck this up for me'
trump is officially our president-elect. now what?
i'm going to keep smiling
phone-sex ad masturbated to for 0 cents a minute
'are our nominations diverse enough for you whiny dipshits?' sneers academy president unprovoked after listing nominees
condoleezza rice drives halfway to airport before realizing she forgot interpreter
museum proudly exhibits picasso shitty enough to be in kansas city
gender non-conforming kids caught in the crosshairs of hate
spatial skills abandon area man during search for correct tupperware lid
alyson stoner opens up about falling in love with a woman
discovering the pink petticoat, tampa's lingerie treasure trove
bush urges senate to give alito fair, quick, unanimous confirmation
former soldier turned zen monk teaches vets to use mindfulness as body armor
tom brady does not want to talk about his 'good friend' trump's gross comments
christmas letter ominously makes no mention of the twins
elderly woman begins freezing meals husband can eat while she's passed away
8 simple rules laugh track replaced with somber string arrangement
what self-respecting cop would accept this cake as a bribe?
gaunt, sickly kirby takes leave of absence from video games following stomach cancer diagnosis
trump weighs in as costly congressional race heads for a tight finish
for 'moonlight' director barry jenkins, seeing his diverse film win awards is 'beautiful'
obama proposes tax increase on meanest 2% of population
noose found in african-american history museum exhibit in d.c.
maryland is beating most nations in olympic gold medals
i couldn't love myself, so i loved my self-judgment
remembering pat conroy through his own words: 6 quotes
the media: are they media-obsessed?
new program provides depressed americans with suicide assistance dogs
man dies falling from wall after cops use taser during chase
supercuts ceo apologizes for number of customers scalped every month
siblings each hoping other one will take care of aging parents someday
new study finds best sunscreen is layer of human blood
jamie lynn spears loses custody of fetus
mesmerizing deep ocean 'symphony' finally identified
porsha lands a new gig!
epa promotes pulsating black sludge to deputy director
life much better thanks to recent elections
friday's morning email: the latest in the trump-comey saga
'mass mobs' are taking over detroit's catholic churches
the key to winning the super bowl: looking good out there?
jazzfest performer recognizes audience from last year
5 ways to make cocoa more sustainable
tom cruise shares frightening slow motion video of ankle-breaking stunt
border wall prototype clearly designed by yayoi kusama
as sanctuary state, california takes deportation fight to new level
supreme court justice benatar orders army to stop using sex as a weapon
zoo orangutan feels he really connected with iowa woman
nancy pelosi demands the suspension of mike flynn over russia ties
just some guys in england driving a tank to the gas station
how this 65-year-old is beginning a new chapter with parkinson's
poll: 56% of voters say country better off than it was 4 eons ago
iran only has half the amount of enriched uranium allowed under nuclear deal
what happens after you crack the glass ceiling
yesterday's news stands becoming tomorrow's healthy eating hotspots
valencia college mourns 7 of its students killed in pulse nightclub shooting
new boyfriend charming pants off baskin-robbins staff
5-year-old channels solange knowles for perfectly recreated album cover
federal reserve vice-chairman roger ferguson: hot or not?
mom declares garage her next big project
the best far-flung hotels worth the trip
porch ceded to bats
educated bigot that much more terrifying
true feminism means holding our women leaders accountable
turns out joss whedon was actually comparing donald trump to a dog, not ivanka
u.n. security council condemns north korea after rocket launch
political scientists discover new form of government
spielberg panics, adds comical groin injuries to 'lincoln'
area man absolutely determined to use wheelbarrow this weekend
live from sundance: wednesday, jan. 28
the best brunches in 14 cities across the u.s.
tiffani thiessen's daughter and newborn son are beyond adorable
two incredible beatboxers make corporate jargon sound way better than your boss does
unhappy father's day?
colleges pressured by feds to avoid asking about criminal records on applications
the 5 running essentials you need to train for your first 5k
'god fucking dammit, you're a stupid fucking moron,' whispers woman who realizes she missed ice dancing
american gladiator still insists friends call him 'turbo'
god sick of new angel's annoying fucking voice
british crew member dies during round the world yacht race
trump and xi in mar-a-lago: a tweetless summit would be a win
taylor swift thanks her 'boyfriend adam' during iheartradio music awards speech
tearful gun manufacturers thankful they all made it out of massacre safely
assistant manager accused of sexual indiscrimination
area man dead of fries
'toy story 4' coming to theaters in 2019
leonard cohen at 80
fareed zakaria and u2 for president
jimmy kimmel hilariously stops by 'sesame street' to introduce a new letter
um, reese witherspoon's look-alike daughter is stunning
facebook user verifies truth of article by carefully checking it against own preconceived opinions
sources: petraeus knew about affair for more than a year
world's worst person decides to go into marketing
biden winks after offering to buy eggnog for white house christmas party
this rescued mink just discovered the joy of being in water
widely criticized olympian says his 'arrogance' was actually intentional
psa on funny or die shows the absurdity of valuing all opinions equally
what really happened to luke at the end of 'star wars: the last jedi'
obama kicks off 2015 with shave ice in hawaii
kathy griffin drops f-bomb while taking back her apology to trump
newtown shooter may have had interest in pedophilia, fbi reveals
god rewinds time to watch man fall off trampoline again
coworker most valuable to office when he fails to show up
trump aims to limit the education department's influence in new order
trump promises u.s. will continue to recognize, preserve palestinians' historic refugee camps
at least 16 dead after fire breaks out in moscow printing works
why congress should 'fix nics' and reject the nra's so-called concealed carry 'reciprocity' bill
nation's middle class chillingly reappears out of nowhere
global markets plunge on oil, china fears
this couple's wedding photo captures two generations of long-lasting love
jazz drummer terri lyne carrington shares fond memories of her friend natalie cole
for lgbt people, a routine doctor visit can be a 'degrading experience'
band targeted in paris attacks makes emotional return to finish concert
crops begin emerging from farmlands across nation as monsanto ceo slowly raises arms
mom gets last new hairstyle
family infighting apparent in funeral guest book
anaheim police chief john welter: 'look, our job is to shoot people'
making your (wedding day) list and checking it twice
u.s. consumers announce plan to get one of those
ceo spends 30 percent of earnings staying out of jail
gallup poll: rural whites prefer ahmadinejad to obama
how the washington nationals won over a young atlanta braves fan
cdc issues warning of full-blown epidemic of the blahs
every day of local dad's life an endless battle to hold on to good pen
express-lane cashier confirms her nails are real
how a firm helps small communities remove contamination from their water
boy who asked mailman for junk mail in viral story pays kindness forward
gay guy's gay thing well attended
chester bennington's wife shares video of him laughing hours before his death
surgical tech in needle-swap scandal at swedish medical center has hiv
guys, someone edited chris farley into the 'mission: impossible' trailer
judith miller clings to her own stubborn myths
hillary clinton issues single-word victory speech following super tuesday results
ted cruz asks central park hansom cab driver how much it costs to whip horse for an hour
latest bin laden tape for completists only
obama loses key potential republican ally on guantanamo bay closure
un chief urges countries to resettle syrian refugees, but pledges are few
number one way to not forget your child in the car? be more present
islamic fundamentalists condemn casual day
it's not getting any easier for women to become ceos
cinema therapy and robin williams
dept. of homeland security introduces dhs for men
i don't fight because i'm violent -- i fight because the world is
'i think we still have a shot,' carly fiorina assures closest inkjet printer
taraji p. henson reacts to first family's thoughts on 'empire'
sinead o'connor is 'safe and sound' after emotional facebook post about overdose
judge awards heather mills writing credit on 'eleanor rigby'
amy schumer stuns in a white minidress at gq men of the year party
people are trying to listen to 'serial,' so can you kindly stfu?
smuggler allegedly brings weed-stuffed bible into jail
how much money do you need?
they finally did something cool to spider-man's suit after all those movies
actual soccer team loses game 46-0
congress is about to confirm another former goldman sachs honcho for trump
fbi employees wear 'comey is my homey' shirts to family day
good news kept from parents out of fear of proving them right
man must be living with roommates by choice at this point
make time for your own wellbeing: ways to rethink exercise so you'll actually do it
amazon's m&a strategy evolves
family without candy sits huddled in darkened house like londoners during the blitz
kate mara: it's 'quite an honor' to play a female superhero
desperation grips haiti as it struggles to rebuild yet again
barneys pays $525,000 to settle allegations of racial profiling
60 years after brown v. board, will congress revive a dual school system?
i want you, gentle reader, to lighten up!
trump is delivering the politicized judiciary republicans dreamed about
explanation of board game rules peppered with reassurances that it will be fun
drake throws money and angrily storms into club
japanese businessman found hiding on golf course thinks mid-'80s economic boom still going on
for that parent who's not the sharpest crayon in the box: a poem
network news satellites collide over iraq
diet candy's aftertaste experienced 12 years later
rewriting nepal: 2014 is marked by sparkling english-language debuts
axe wants to shed its douchey reputation and empower men
this marvelous mess
fate of cargo ship unknown as hurricane joaquin batters bahamas
drug-sniffing dog develops taste for bit-o-honeys
donald trump's campaign flails trying to defend his 'rigged election' talk
watch this artist carve a watermelon into the night king from 'game of thrones'
a stunning look inside an abandoned french chateau
coworkers pull off daring one-hour lunch break
after irma, tim duncan pens emotional plea: 'don't forget' the u.s. virgin islands
huffpollster: is bernie sanders really leading in new hampshire?
the big bend, a u-shaped skyscraper, could become the longest in the world
otto warmbier, u.s. student freed from north korea, has 'severe' neurological injury
illinois orders mandatory ebola quarantine for high-risk travelers
ex-iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad plans to run again
ben affleck happily reviewing 'batman v superman' means sad affleck is officially dead
scientist has nagging feeling he left particle accelerator on
apple's gag division unveils sleekest fake dog shit to date
turns out pope francis is a fan of beauty vloggers
shamefaced man stands stock-still as acquaintance zips up backpack for him
hillary clinton is likely to be the next president of the united states
pro-choice gop senators keep voting for trump's anti-abortion judges
religious pamphlet sat on
bush dropped out. here's where his voters might go.
therapist feels bad for dating patient's daughter
nation unable to recall if trump said he'd personally fund abortion bombings or if that just sounds right
michael avenatti warns michael cohen: i still have more documents to release
gynecologists recommend taking time off between iuds to allow body to expel backlogged periods
here's why some black women aren't here for #womenboycotttwitter
marching for equality and justice in january
man worried antidepressants will leave trace of original personality
uh-oh: greece is probably going to miss its deal deadline
roommate won't shut up about his best sound mixing oscar
mother comes pretty close to using word 'streaming' correctly
selena gomez hits the beach in a bikini
warning: this 1988 home video of a kid getting a nintendo is intensely nostalgic
apple watch: success or failure?
pope francis worried about job security after butting heads with new god
police assure residents kidnapping was only one of those custody-related ones
manager fails to keep it short or sweet
snow angel
researchers find human beings naturally evolved toward monogamy and carrying on fun little flings on side
hair salon's 'quiet chair' is a dream for haters of smalltalk
e-sports organizations are going to launch governing body for pro video gaming
philadelphia museum of art erects statue of overweight tourist posing next to rocky statue
9 fabulous gift ideas for older loved ones
bernie sanders fills in for factory worker unable to take time off to vote
learn to fix the no. 1 mistake you are making in yoga practice
for the first time, chimpanzees are making a fashion statement
there's no good excuse for the racist impact of michigan's medicaid proposal
sasha and malia obama tried (and failed) to meet soccer superstar in argentina
queen cersei reading insults from 'the bachelor' is what tv dreams are made of
fda approves new drug for treating pill deficiencies
museum staff braces for large group wearing same t-shirt
relieved scott walker narrowly avoids acknowledging immigrants' humanity during campaign speech
beyond the classroom: experiencing technology innovation up-close-and-personal at sxsw
north carolina elects someone to run out for cigarettes
the justice department pledge to prosecute white-collar criminals is about to face a major test
death penalty and redemption: thoughts on tsarnaev and american christianity
secret santa seems to think you a big 'laverne & shirley' fan
magical gallery transforms dull objects into art
actress leaves porn past behind with new cinemax erotic thriller
marijuana warehouse found near police dog training center: cops
this dog has the most adorable brace face you'll ever see
mexico announces plans to refry over 700 million beans
business card confirms real-estate salesman is eddie money
use of organic peanut butter adds two minutes to local man's life
obama spends another night searching behind white house paintings for safes
spider sitting on shower wall can't wait to see look on man's face
no, palm oil is not responsible for 40% of global deforestation
fame sexually transmitted
houthi official: yemen strikes by saudi arabia will set off 'wide war'
it sure seems like paul manafort is misleading a federal judge so he can winter in florida
man with flamethrower waiting for appropriate time to use it
queer teens take on tech
tanzania reality show tackles gender inequality, awards women farmers cash and farm tools
big ben set 15 minutes ahead to give london a little extra time in the morning
woman quickly reading up on candidates' policy stances after voting
americans dislike how the media treats trump -- and how he treats the media
hillary clinton gets a clean bill of health from her doctor
more cops have been charged for shootings this year, but there's much more work to be done
nestlé recalls millions of frozen products that may contain glass
5 tips for reading the polls like a pro
dr. oz explains why men rarely address mental health issues
poll finds americans would be open to third type of screwdriver head
elderly man skipping work uses 'dead grandson' excuse again
horse-race announcer clearly had money on 'little dancer'
new york prepares for protests as grand jury reviews eric garner's death
person cropped out of match.com picture clearly buzz lightyear
dance-club bathroom left out of gay couple's meeting story
expressing deeply held political opinion referred to as 'gaffe'
little butterball holding up ice cream line
the secret to raising charitable children
why can't we mourn with muslims?
the uptown beggar
area senior up for some boggle
emergency wisdom
guinea pig returned for store credit
sanders campaign headquarters smashed up by gang of pinkerton union busters
a life with ocd
two guys build a wall around trump tower to keep the real danger in
texas executes 393rd guilty prisoner
truth through fiction
elderly man can't wait for senility to erase lifetime of regretful memories
monopoly releases scrabble-themed edition
hillary clinton mouthing along to presidential oath
nyse admits: this is all make believe
yet another high school football player dies as death total piles up
twitter imparts some presidential wisdom with #trumpbacktoschooltips
'we must restore rule of law,' says trump as aides pass out revolvers to audience
trump to send jared kushner and envoy to middle east for israeli-palestinian peace talks
cnbc cameraman can't believe he's filming another blog off a computer monitor
man has story for every stain on pants
groundbreaking young adult novel features protagonist who's a bit of a loner
new hampshire passes law forcing old people to watch gays marry
curly fry inventor strikes out with curly veal
report: u.s. economy loses $20 billion annually to americans writing ideas down illegibly
best news ever: drinking champagne keeps your mind sharp: science
struggling mom puts camper on sale to buy gifts, facebook responds with presents
lost gondolier in middle of adriatic sea
jeb bush wants to cut all energy subsidies
bitchy girlfriend just asking for anne hathaway to swoop in, steal man away
this news anchor just broke a major barrier for afro-latina journalists
area man just realized he doesn't even know when barack obama's birthday is
rest of world not biting on couple's open relationship
indonesian unrest quelled for tourist season
office politician runs for coffee
chinese astronomers inform beijing residents sky will be visible for rare 2-minute window tomorrow morning
secret service's prostitution scandal did not affect president's security, white house adviser madame chartreuse says
harmony in tragedy: palestinian and israeli teens write a song together
bonobo embarrassed after walking in on parents, siblings, cousins, friends, partner having sex
'underground railroad' carries slaves from brooklyn to manhattan
televised sporting event completely obscured by on-screen graphics
god's gift to women returned
demi lovato says she was 'very conflicted' with her abusive father's death
authorities not even going to bother looking for motive behind oregon shooting
music lives, live: montreal jazz festival
time running out on second-keg fund drive
science, evolution and our intimate parts
paul ryan cuts $120 million in wasteful spending from romney campaign
trevor noah exposes vladimir putin's sinister actions towards u.s. diplomats
closed shop in gentrifying neighborhood to emerge from chrysalis as beautiful gastropub
lindsey buckingham asks for more screaming at stevie nicks in monitor
lin-manuel miranda and the rock made a musical parody about millennials
why democrats should block every trump supreme court justice
bernie sanders holds back tears as brother memorializes their parents during dnc vote
doll real estate agent glosses over giant hinged opening in middle of house
north korea nukes self in desperate plea for attention
slovenian 8th-graders surprised even they outperformed u.s. students in science
woman has no business being an extrovert
design in startups from the get-go
handshake comes in at unusually high angle, velocity
oregon lawmaker groped women at state capitol, report finds
area mom disappointed no one noticed mastectomy
paul lepage wants to bring back the guillotine for drug traffickers
marcellus williams prosecutor drew scrutiny in ferguson police shooting
dzhokhar tsarnaev courtside at pacers-heat game
lauren conrad shares 4 simple rules for dealing with pregnant women
man who plays devil's advocate really just wants to be asshole
hong kong protesters clash with police near government headquarters
bill clinton shoots down republicans: 'i strongly supported' obamacare
when we celebrate our differences, we make a better world for all
'walking dead' actor responds to backlash over shocking death
american airlines merger settlement approved by u.s. judge
report: gen x irony, cynicism may be permanently obsolete
'black panther' star michael b. jordan wants his killmonger's hairstyle to become a trend
local man puts rehab behind him
after learning about homelessness, kind toddler starts donation drive
ellen goes hetero for halloween!
real-life pepe le pew rapes cat
crowd of voters cheers patronizing rhetoric
black mother speaks out: african-american boys 'won't ever really be safe'
the simple mind trick that helped me lose weight
department of 'homeland' urges all americans to watch this week's episode
gop poisoned zika bill to satisfy 'crazies,' says harry reid
women share stories of sexual assault to show trump what rape culture looks like
stephen colbert mocks lawmakers for talking porn instead of guns
rocks thrown at police after killing allegedly armed man
child's favorite restaurant also dad's favorite bar
tapas arriving too fast
josh earnest's first wh briefing didn't end so well
mike pence asks waiter to remove mrs. butterworth from table until wife arrives
city councilman from future warns against building 12th avenue rec center
let's take u.s. nukes off hair-trigger alert before we blow up the planet
tarantino-style 'star trek' trailer shows us the wonderful potential
chrissy teigen wants you to survive your post-election thanksgiving
goliath opens his wallet: a new era for cuba and the united states
new series on 'the secret life of muslims' aims to subvert stereotypes
'bad to the bone' to be used in film
plane diverted after ebola virus reclines in seat
nick offerman's satirical video shows the sad state of school lunches
young performer jade pettyjohn of nickelodeon's school of rock is in new film with katee sackhoff
social media startup looking for smug little fuck to take leadership role
nitroglycerin chex gingerly pulled from shelves
these fashion grandpas could not be more adorable
taylor swift wins video of the year for 'bad blood' at 2015 vmas
alaska wife steals patrol car holding hubby, police say
american public clarifies rational, measured response to this terror threat doesn't preclude panicked overreaction in future
proud father teaches son how to shave eyebrows for first time
the hypocrisy underlying brazil's impeachment movement
area woman almost imagines taste of peppermint mocha on tongue but stops herself
roomba thrown out of home after being caught staring at sleeping daughter
the 'here comes honey boo boo' scandal: mama june speaks out
pigeon's route accommodated
subway employee still unnerved by high-pitched screech sandwiches make when cut in half
solar jobs report shows huge growth
all y'all urged to go fuck yo' selves
the science behind why celebrities like ryan lochte tell fibs
senate bill may answer a decades-old request
fan grabs world series home run from another fan to throw it back
the gop's big lie about tax cuts
'3 generations' stars discuss the power of telling trans stories
sea lion yanks man off boat in effort to snatch fish
gwen stefani and blake shelton take their love to the billboard music awards
monday's morning email: the aftermath of the worst mass shooting in u.s. history
healthcare is confusing part iii: the uninsured and serious illness
cancer walk goes under 15-straight miles of high tensile power lines
what's the matter with eastern europe? welcome to the birthplace of trumpism
l.a. adds high-speed chase lane to freeway
jenny slate has the best college story ever
white terror demands white action: what allies need to do right now for charlottesville
4 crazy-good kebab recipes
'game of thrones' fan rewatching past episodes to remind self of what characters' breasts look like
california's brutal drought could change the state forever
and now, the first picture from the 'gilmore girls' revival
the dark history of birth control
area woman marries into health insurance
new climate change report just list of years each country becomes uninhabitable
teenage pro surfer reportedly killed catching hurricane irma's waves in barbados
nypd: muslim woman set on fire just before 9/11 anniversary
report: spider
save this season: the best underwear multipacks
best thing that ever happened to area man yelling at him about socks
heroin addicts pressure president to stay course in afghanistan
roger ailes' lasting legacy: making trump president
10 of the best beauty buys from sephora's vib spring sale
zuckerberg to trump: time for a reality check on immigration
playing monopoly with our lives
area article nauseous from constant scrolling
maid dreams children will one day be maids in wealthier households
apple fans demand other products they can feel directly against skin at all times
has alzheimer's been cured?
parking lot attendant seemingly unaware new day a gift from god
beauty queen scarfs down 12 krispy kreme doughnuts in no time
arianna joins payoff to 'reshape' financial services industry
no african citizens could attend a summit on african trade after visas denied
new blog piece on woody allen to settle everything
satirical video highlights how white and male dominated hollywood truly is
an iowa teenager didn't wreck his state's health care market. here's who did.
new pre-sauced napkins can be thrown away straight from package
look: iconic jean company introduces gay pride line
all the cheapest items on wedding registry already purchased
barbara bush calls white house to see if she can leave husband there for few hours
radicals, extremists vie for control of iran
man surprised to hear himself tell matt damon he's a 'big fan'
susan cooper, not diana prince, is my breakout feminist superhero
getting children out of poverty requires a two-generation approach
road sign over-explains highway's dangers
holy mother of all that is good, 'curb your enthusiasm' is officially back
cheney returns to u.s. with full head of thick, wavy hair
area cockroach fucking huge
rupaul comes under fire for comments about openly trans contestants on 'drag race'
crazed loiterer strikes again
report finds more americans putting off children until companies are ready
tibetan teen getting into western philosophy
8 life lessons you can learn from bruce springsteen
photos show aftermath of colombia's deadly floods
chris christie, mike huckabee bumped from main gop debate
run, ted cruz, run! hillary clinton and the democrats need you
in aftermath of northern california fires, schools brace for newly homeless students
'i'm going to hell for laughing at this meme,' says man going to hell for helping little sister get abortion
world bank forecloses on world farm
vulnerable republicans just showed why fighting for trans rights is a political winner
women who write about tech are still being abused online
why terrible news really might keep you up at night
women are using iconic anti-mobster law to go after harvey weinstein
michael jordan displeased with this week's burnt offerings
anne hathaway, james franco spend every moment of oscars tearing into jesse eisenberg
man nothing but lumbering golem of rewards cards
news roundup for august 23, 2017
the nixonization of donald trump
u-haul offers discount for customers who will just move back home in 18 months after failure to make it in major city
10 easy-to-tackle super bowl sweets
paul hogan keeps pitching crocodile dundee saturday-morning cartoon
the smithereens lead singer pat dinizio dead at 62
this muffuletta dip is the one recipe you need to make this weekend
wearable sensors can tell if you're sick before you even feel it
ten years after last execution, california's death row continues to grow
angela merkel will seek fourth term as german chancellor
the best italian winter salads have a surprising thing in common
charlize theron makes a villain out of vin diesel in this 'fate of the furious' clip
grounded plane makes snow angel on tarmac
why it's so much better to buy experiences than things
well-meaning mouse wouldn't really call self a 'pest,' per se
trump will not campaign for roy moore in alabama, white house says
paul ryan's health care plan doesn't really eliminate the individual mandate
heartbroken chris brown always thought rihanna was woman he'd beat to death
'conscious uncoupling is wimping out' and 14 other life lessons
hillary clinton suspended 3 weeks by fec for spitting on volunteer
tragic oscar-night camera malfunction leaves seven critically underpublicized
americans outraged amazon's punishing work culture has yet to yield same-day shipping for all products
on 18th birthday, bindi irwin shares photo of steve irwin full of 'love and light'
car crashes straight through restaurant window, injuring 4
trump says he's expanded his proposed muslim ban
a drug company is putting work-life balance before profit. cool.
inhibitions found in seedy motel room
here's your chance to attend kobe bryant's last game
a magical island: making the most of your novel's setting
on-the-job sexual harassment: three women tell their sizzling hot tales
white house announces sasha obama to now be played by britney watkins
epic doug the pug music video compilation is giving us lyfe
here's exactly why a vote for trump is vote against lgbtq rights
dnc takes out full-page ad thanking alabama's working-class white voters
search underway after disneyland guest with autism drops lanyard while collecting pins
report: more americans turning to louder sources for their news
trump pours milk over bowl of skittles while settling in to watch comey hearing
area man determined to make the best of situation comedy
nasa designers release flirty new space skirt
the way you remember winters of yore is probably wrong
new lover features 30 percent more cock
new nervous-energy drink recreates feeling of waiting for girl to call
friend whose mom just died allowed to pick pizza topping
lottery winner burns money in faces of poor children
everyone loves alternative facts
how to get good with money in a year
photograph of little girl being absorbed into michelle obama portrait goes viral
study: only 40% of mice have little welcome mat, doorway leading to tiny home inside wall
floor pizza and the new mediocrity
hpv rates are going way down for young women, study says
will greater israel transform into greater palestine?
chuck e. cheese's announces new lower prices, but the restaurants will be dirtier
new desktop folder created for sad little creative project
senator trying to make long-distance relationship work with constituency back home
celebrities send love to london with touching social media messages
dance cage recidivism rates at all-time high within american club scene
sharon tate's sister rips 'tacky' hilary duff film about manson family murder
lazy, overweight cockroach no longer has segmented abdomen
a song for bruce rauner, illinois' uber-rich gop governor candidate
trump administration adds more foreign guest worker visas
god-knows-what to take place in rural cabin
the scientology-approved version of 'going clear' is a bit... different
man just needs to power through another day of not being broke and unemployed
larry nassar: 'who among us hasn't made a mistake repeatedly and with wild, shameless abandon?'
family fears grandmother aware of her surroundings
study finds cats only meow when they want to alert owner of neighbor's murder they witnessed through window
inside bernie worrell's all-star nyc benefit
house of cards-style corruption in virginia
'100 years of italian beauty' is a bellissima trip back in time
china disputes trump's claims of fentanyl 'flood' into united states
elderly couple dresses up for trip to denny's
how to overcome the stress of long distance relationships
bill o'reilly compares #blacklivesmatter movement to gestapo
overburdened mental health providers thwart police push for drug treatment
lena dunham defends 'girls' writer accused of raping 17-year-old
apple, taxes, and the social contract of global corporate citizens
2015 u.s. best ranked cities for hotels
report: putting head in hands and moaning quietly still best way to get through next several seconds
meet the young people trying to make sure detroit's rebirth works for everybody
china excludes same-sex couples from domestic violence law
catholic church condemns metrosexuality
boss wants to know if you can work late this year
lac megantic remembers canadian oil train disaster, one year later
vladimir putin, florida man, arrested for trespassing at supermarket
the first 'rogue one' trailer is a 'star wars' nerd's dream
vengeance-minded glacier just biding time until next ice age
once-loyal enabler betrays man by suggesting therapy
reverend al sharpton takes time off from holy duties to make tv appearance
ravens take out rival steelers in playoff grudge match
why we should value (but not worship) reason
aerobics show used for almost completely non-aerobic purpose
an open and personal email to hillary clinton from a contemporary
jon stewart co-hosts sportscenter to support wounded veteran athletes
goldfish teetering on edge of sanity
chrissy teigen poses in her bra with teddy bear post-met gala
i was, but now i am
women in business q&a: paula kavolius, founder and president, house of possibilities
military recruiter upset area man hasn't called him back
syrian man kept up all night by neighbors dying
olympic speed skater thinking about maybe taking out the garbage
every book on area woman's shelves somehow related to coping
the global deal: a new economic consensus
viewers impressed by how male trump looked during debate
greece orders banks to re-open monday
24 movies you'll want to see over the remainder of 2017
pizza hut's new 'skinny slice' isn't quite a dream come true
read the full text of sally yates' letter opposing donald trump's muslim ban
pneumonia virus terrified after remembering what clintons capable of
france to ban domestic production of oil and gas by 2040
prospective student had most fun getting drunk at arizona state
trailblazing colleague makes historic contact with people who work on other floor
what the paris attack is really about (hint -- neither free speech nor the varied nature of muslims)
dr. scholl's introduces line of sexy lace insoles
weakling president asks imaginary man in sky to bless nation
trump honors sacrifices civil rights activists will have to make under his presidency
carrie fisher remembered as fans celebrate 'star wars day'
supreme court to consider lifting class-action bar for millions of workers
stunning e3 announcement reveals new video game consoles to phase out graphics entirely
working artist has developed thick skin for sound career advice
a 2,000-year-old thanksgiving psalm
wacky morning zoo crew dj threatened by younger, wackier morning zoo crew dj
oh, god, area man making his move
comedian janet silverman talks 89 d*ck picks
maid of honor specifically selected for ability to take emotional beating
lena heady goes dark and dramatic for the 2014 emmys
radio talk-show caller to make point
health officials confirm second case of plague from yosemite
citizens ask: how many guns do we need?
child's description of heaven during near-death experience specifically mentions book deal
bask in the awkward disaster that was justin timberlake and anna kendrick's 'trolls' premiere
gene wilder's career in ruins following death of richard pryor
more vegetables evolving chocolate-sauce-filled centers as evolutionary imperative
man ashamed of himself after cashier reads food order back to him
a christmas miracle
what's for breakfast? how about some monsanto weed killer?
leaked cables contradict clinton's claims on tpp trade agreement
hall & oates inducted into rock and roll hall of fame (video)
lazy daredevil to lie across 12 couches
paul ryan embraces trump's executive order, but speaks against 'confusing' rollout
here are all the 2018 grammy winners
13 reasons to feel hopeful during a rough month
how one gym is helping people get in touch with their feelings
run towards (not away from) trump's america: the problem is global, but the solution will be american
a commodore computer from the 1980s is still heating schools in michigan
congressman checks in real quick with ethics office to make sure pressing exposed penis against intern doesn't constitute sexual harassment
parkland could've been worse. vegas could've been worse. they can always be worse.
shape magazine declares july 'let yourself go' month
family wishes dad could find healthier way to express emotions than bursting into full-blown musical number
scientists successfully create artificial placenta that tastes just as delicious as real one
time for a brand new site for israel-palestine peace talks
venezuela hunts for rogue helicopter attackers
dad's been on a parenting kick lately
simple ways to easily save over $600 a year
queen elizabeth frantically trying to preserve european alliances by arranging great-grandchildren's marriages
woman hires hitman because her grandkids got lice, police say
rihanna doesn't care about dark circles, and neither should you
nigel, the lonely seabird, dies next to the concrete bird replica he loved for 5 years
photographer mourns her lost children in touching series
ted cruz upsets donald trump in maine republican caucus
area bus driver would prefer not to say 'you're welcome' for thousandth time today
iran vows 'firm response' unless obama stops sanctions renewal
freshness escaping from bag of peas
gentle ben biographer's shocking new book reveals famous bear's 28-pine-marten-a-day habit
nation curious after discovering mysterious, eccentric benefactor paid off country's debt in full
nasa to send earth into space
target demographic growing up right before wistful advertiser's eyes
katy perry awarded $1.57 million from entrepreneur who interfered with convent sale
report: texting while driving okay if you look up every couple seconds
princeton students confront university president over woodrow wilson's legacy
governor lashes out against cheap scotch, poorly rolled cigars
department of transportation allocates $400 million for national shortcut
no one in gang has heart to tell police informant his cover's blown
john kerry throws vine over pit of quicksand to save child companion
jimmy fallon gets heartfelt after revealing he almost lost his finger
dome-home sales somehow manage to dip even lower
it's election season, but where are the lawn signs?
holy guacamole! people in new zealand are stealing avocados
new 'do not kill' registry to allow americans to opt out of being murdered
nation fondly recalls when just regulating video games seemed like solution to gun violence
5 things men can do to strengthen their relationship
is this a quote from donald trump or dialogue from porn?
independent baking scene apparently worth a documentary
huffpost taste's instagram: what's new
rhea maceris' gps guide on feeling empowered
new study finds women should only be making 20 cents less on dollar than men
scientists discover perfect little out-of-the-way place
despite its remoteness, antarctica's health matters
hawaii missile alert update delayed because governor didn't know his twitter password
texas mom outraged because her daughter's school won't allow sunscreen
cloned cheney lacks charm of original
big brothers big sisters honors nbc entertainment's jennifer salke with sherry lansing award
tribe prepares to keep up pipeline protest through north dakota winter
'f**k muzlim' and 'terroist' spray-painted on muslim man's car
teen jumps on whale shark like it's nbd
leadership matters: gratitude leads to greatness
new evidence suggests first gallows created as early attempt at autoerotic asphyxiation
last civil war tortoise dies
clergy abuse advocates fear pope francis is making it harder for victims to speak up
silvio berlusconi transferred to steamy all-female penitentiary
steve bannon is even worse than you thought
man on vacation suddenly realizes no one feeding his hostages
a model for the future: funding the end of childhood illness together
why we're still fighting the last war on trade policy
spring on spring street: a tale of rebirth
what?! fish can't be organic?
man realizes he has no interests
10 of the funniest boomer tv moments ever
dad announces plan to honk when he's out front
keynote speaker enlightens entire generation with theme that world is changing
the largest demographic of binge drinkers might surprise you
temperature of coffee expected to rise nine degrees by end of 21st century
dozens of leads, no arrests in ferguson police shooting
kidnapping suspect says vaccine's side effects led him to crime
bill maher jokes about what donald trump will really be doing on his asia trip
ben stiller peels banana with own feet
cute new dog helping single man pick up tons of hot shit
terminally ill friend not much fun anymore
why emotional intelligence affects the bottom line
r.a. has bad feeling about kid in cloak
how marvel beat dc at the movies
delta airlines has its first black female captain
farewell to jean nidetch, patron saint of weight watchers
dear patricia arquette, who 'fought' for us
rosetta stone offers new spanish language course for pandering presidential candidates
dick masturbates in tickle creek: cops
world health organization: 'not sure how, but adam levine's new fragrance the only antidote to mers virus'
lucrative new oil extraction method involves drilling directly into gas stations
stephen colbert brings down the house with his explanation for trump's actions
holly madison releasing memoir about life in the playboy mansion
ben & jerry's new flavor 'empower mint' is more political and punny than ever
this man's tweets cryptically pay homage to a smash mouth classic
bird poo is the worst flavor of ice cream
aziz ansari offers donald trump simple advice on combating hate crimes
14 things 'parks & recreation' taught us about food
betsy devos sued for weakening sexual assault reporting protections for students
'access hollywood' reporter vows to get to very surface of story
college scorecard sandbags equity in higher education
dolce & gabbana launched a line of hijabs and abayas, but something's off
5 common medicare mistakes and how to avoid them
history is made as rams officially sign michael sam to 4-year multi-million dollar contract
goodwill employees shaken by gigantic pants
the tim kaine i know
why email is microsoft's secret weapon
how the u.k. government ignored offers to take in more lone children
'one blow could change.. life': boxer overcame rough childhood to become inspiring athlete
donald trump raises the stakes for a potential debate with bernie sanders
woman wearing jacket indulging in forbidden pleasure of having pockets
congressional climate deniers represent 63 percent of americans
donald trump names rex tillerson secretary of state
more than 5,600 boat migrants rescued off north africa in just the past 3 days
here's why the internet is convinced kylie jenner is having a baby boy
donald trump expects the media to do what he wants -- because it often does
genetically modified chicken lays its own dipping sauce
e. coli outbreak linked to chipotle spreads to 3 more states
pack of harpies ordered their crostini literally 20 minutes ago
pentagon ripped off by shady weapons dealer
friends can't stand couple's public displays of hostility
2018 the year it all going to fall into place, delusional sources report
18 electric wedding kisses that will leave you weak in the knees
los angeles now 70 percent overpasses
abandoned mall retains eerie vestiges of fun shopping atmosphere
alaska airlines employee calls tomi lahren 'tami,' twitter loves it
conservative pundit s.e. cupp hits trump white house right in the balls
morgan spurlock admits history of sexual misconduct, including rape accusation
time magazine's rape crisis article
man pledges loyalty to brand in quiet convenience store ceremony
shoe scientists unveil advanced 'double knot' technology
why going abroad isn't always rainbows and butterflies
monsanto develops hardier strain of corn that yields 4 times normal litigation
georgia to provide planned parenthood with free std test kits again
on the anniversary of trump's inauguration, the government is shut down
italian grandmother doesn't have heart to tell family any dipshit can make lasagna
generous military sends $800 in disability to man who wakes up screaming every night
woman who accused bill clinton of sexual assault joins anti-hillary pac
obama finally reveals nature of his work to daughters
shitty human being blames decreased daylight this time
'to defeat them, i must become them,' john kerry says while putting on black face mask
how i learned to get naked with strangers again after my mastectomy
report: all things aside, american flag still looks pretty good majestically billowing in wind
study: 90% of plane landings just barely pulled off
middle-aged couple sick of 31-year-old son always trying to set them up with other parents
how one dying man changed the debate about the tax bill
frantic biden searching dog shelter for bo look-alike
investigation confirms nbc management had no knowledge of misconduct in matt lauer's network-sanctioned sex dungeon
actor michael rapaport takes a knee, unloads on 'dumb motherf--ker' donald trump
preemie mom photographs the 'emotional turmoil' of 'the nicu roller coaster'
man arrested after attempting to breach cockpit during flight to honolulu
abby sunderland - concocted history's most extreme plan to get out of a summer job
whatsapp co-founder to leave company amid disagreements with facebook
stephen king rips donald trump in his scariest horror story yet
missing just 2 hours of sleep quadruples your risk of a car accident
megyn kelly: it's time to 'get comfortable' holding powerful men accountable
there's a sexy kenneth bone costume now because we have no boundaries
despite growing support for marijuana, legalization faces rocky road
man has loyalty to pretzel brand
will new scientific breakthroughs pave the way for more climate-related lawsuits?
billy bob thornton reportedly taken to er following car accident
new york post lobs gop endorsement to donald trump, because ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
what black parents tell their sons about the police
pizza rat has returned. or has he?
bush dragged behind presidential motorcade for 26 blocks
intel unveils oversized novelty processor
south korean president shakes hands with north korean leaders during winter olympics opening ceremony
who defines president trump?
fbi: six dead not really 'mass' murder
vice presidential handlers lure cheney into traveling crate
judge dismisses domestic violence charges against ray rice; now what?
woman's tan lines don't make any sense
new preventative drug would kill people before they get alzheimer's
'roseanne' taping repeatedly interrupted by reporters trying to interview members of white working class
one year later, arizona real estate investor still missing
man not going to let mind games of ex-girlfriend's natural moving-on process get in his head
why is it so hard to forgive yourself?
nick offerman rsvps to wedding in very ron swanson-esque way
dept. of labor reports it could be nothing, but they may have spotted job in iowa strip mall
al roker stares crestfallen at matt lauer tattoo on own torso
this will be mark zuckerberg's biggest challenge as a philanthropist
in defense of matt harvey
time is 'running out' as great barrier reef hit by another mass bleaching
trump spokesman jason miller says he won't take top white house job
bandai recalls lady gaga
bored god tries to fit all of jupiter in mouth
gay couple has banal sex
mathew ward: be willing to work your way up
advertising manager working hard to teach son value of an impression
charles durning hocks up four-pound chunk of phlegm
jaguars, raiders hold postseason exhibition game in london
fighting pests with sounds waves, not pesticides
north carolina tops gonzaga to win sixth ncaa title
'if the earth was flat, why haven't the cats pushed everything off by now?'
visit home referred to as vacation by parents
bolton: 'we will not be drawn into a lengthy ground war in syria—although, saying it out loud, that sounds incredible'
australian asylum seekers told to choose life in jail or risk death in home countries
harry styles admits to chelsea handler that, yes, he has four nipples
world's marine life on edge now that seaworld moving on from orcas
on jan fabre, part 2: scenes from the moral education of the human race
6 things you didn't know about michael b. jordan
96-foot christmas tree goes up in flames
new documentary focuses on life of eva braun's late husband
abc cancels acting with the stars
report: most americans now getting their news while peeking out between fingers
jen aniston refuses to 'inject sh-t' into her face
film critic belatedly comes up with swordfish zinger
my daddy taught me not to read directions
6 dead after plane crashes into maryland house
conair releases new double-sided curling iron for flawless burns
thousands gather to mourn otto warmbier at his former high school
study links binge eating to stress, contentment, depression, joy, boredom, anger, relaxation
how to buy grown-up art without going broke (or setting foot in a gallery)
historical archives: wide-spread powder shortage confounds nation's bewigged.
high tech hospital could shake up children's healthcare
james bond fans concerned after learning new film's shooting locations all in new hampshire
philippine congress agrees to extend mindanao martial law to end of year
live cow lowered onto floor of u.s. house of representatives
shaken secretary of transportation reduces speed limit to 5 mph after witnessing accident
mom wants to know if you'll be free if she visits 14 months from now
women: why don't they lose some weight?
cool 'cybergranny' needs machines to help her live
penis enlargement pills tested on dog
movie characters happen to pass through pamplona on the one week bulls run
did trump revive failed cold war cuba policy to buy rubio's loyalty?
voters tune into vp debate to find out what race would look like if this was normal election year
hillary clinton threatened by black man
felt board adds clarity to christ's teachings
mommy not moving
new archie graphic novel explores rich inner life of jughead
moderator explains that gop will have 2 minutes after every trump response to distance selves from candidate
someone made a trump-putin facebook friend anniversary video
real-life michelin man dies at 87
the 7 upsides to sending your last kid off to college
priyanka chopra nails why uproar over 'the simpsons' apu is justified
new religious freedom bill gives small business owners right to annul any gay marriage
hillary clinton speech interrupted by black student activists
before and after satellite images show hurricane maria's destruction of dominica
the resume secret it takes a lifetime to learn
ashcroft loses job to mexican
congress allocates $90 million to protect remaining eagles members
miss france iris mittenaere wins miss universe crown
3 tips to ensure a peaceful thanksgiving
man having a great time will soon have to apologize to everyone
milo ventimiglia tries to defend crock-pot on 'ellen'
amazon unhinged
area man lives to correct pronunciation
nutter butters 'ruined forever' for nutter butter factory worker
i didn't have this end in mind
on his santa monica mountaintop, a billionaire envisions lofty thoughts on politics and culture
so, you're gonna do chemo?
'wall street journal' reintroduces nudes after failed yearlong experiment
turns out, michael phelps was listening to future during 'angry face'
communists now least threatening group in u.s.
senate gop, democrats reach deal imposing new sanctions on russia
western washington university shuts down due to racist threat and online hate speech
local man's fear of snakes increases with each snakebite
the walking dead: season 5 finale blasts full afterburners!
big companies can avoid disruption by partnering with startup accelerators
departing bo obama lands k street lobbyist position
aides gently remind hillary clinton not to refer to opponents as 'obstacles to greatness'
watch one of the world's largest lakes shrink before your eyes
full-time mom drunk on the job
woman happy to have such good takeout places she can call when feeling low
'people's couch' hunk gears up for the holidays in a very big way
nation's moms demand christmas list
trumpism enters schools when school officials become the bullies
watch an animal lover save a rabbit from southern california fire
scam alert! in a hyperactive hurricane season, the worst may not be over
perfect gift for boring asshole found at crate & barrel
prosecutor tells black congressmembers the war on drugs isn't racist
dodgers co-owner magic johnson goes bonkers watching team romp to world series
bush announces 8-month plan to steal favorite desk lamp
man's genetic predisposition for heart disease no match for 10 half-assed push-ups he does couple times a week
get your quick and dirty arts education with haiku reviews
trump expels 60 russians, closes russian consulate in seattle after uk chemical attack
land rights for women mean progress for communities
woman apologizes for what appears to be clean house
sources: you don't want to know what currently happening to saudi arabian woman
report: 84% of americans currently contestants
progress, and laughs, found in tampon jokes
jerry sandusky heads back to court to overturn child molestation conviction
santa claus tells stephen colbert why he voted for donald trump
10 ways i am failing adulthood
as a millennial: these are (some of) my issues for the upcoming election part ii
teen had absolutely no say in becoming part of snapchat generation
toenails regenerating
sacha baron cohen rolls up to 'grimsby' premiere in his underwear
importance of cultural exchange with russia during political frost
when sugar was the answer
how the 'bachelor in paradise' premiere handled the shutdown
the funniest tweets from parents this week
mccain late to debate due to greyhound delays
potential trump attorney general created a muslim registry during the bush administration
rupert murdoch bashes as 'nonsense' concerns about sexual harassment at fox
red lobster welcomes back 'defrosted shrimp days'
diphtheria excited about possibility of new outbreak
bangladesh bloggers fear deadly backlash won't end soon
obama finishes deal to get every american a free parrot
container of recyclables emptied into trash
nation ready for its din din
buzz aldrin blasts off with the air force thunderbirds, sets record
new grown-up monitor allows children to listen in on parents crying
area man likes food
trump administration sends 30 million nothing to puerto rico victims
'phantom thread' wins academy award for best film you liked but probably wouldn't see again
10 eating habits linked to dying from cardiovascular disease and diabetes
report: only one in every 150,000 dead children becomes angel
still edgy after all these years: jacaranda music's first decade
spacex reveals all 400 dogs on falcon rocket failed to survive trip
7 lies about lgbt musicians we need to stop telling immediately
james clapper on donald trump: 'our institutions are under assault'
sweat-stain-dating technology unlocks age of assistant managers
gold star family promised $25,000 by trump finally receives check in the mail
8-year-old obviously packed own lunch
australia to lay off leading scientist on sea levels
sammy davis jr. handled his oscar flub like a boss
quinoa black bean burger: layers of flavor and packed with protein
michelangelo the teenage mutant ninja turtle went to the met to see michelangelo
guy in audience shouts out perfect thing
chipotle ceo predicts the demise of 'irrelevant' fast food chains
report: more american fifth-graders taking gap year to unwind before middle school
how the gotham typeface came to define our era
2 guys do laundry for homeless to provide them dignity and clean socks
hollywood quietly shuts down after realizing that entertainment a delicate matter of subjective opinion
study finds 87% of knowledge about nation comes from side of u-haul trucks
we obtained hillary clinton's secret gitmo memo to obama. read it here.
police use exact right amount of force to subdue suspect
mount vernon says it owns george washington's copy of don quixote, not glenn beck
clinton questions obama's ability to greet world leaders
permission denied
want to make a difference? don't be a hedge fund manager
new edition of bible specifically mentions second amendment
is this the end of youtube?
u.s. census report finds some poor fuck named kip
triple bombings in baghdad kill 72 in worst violence so far this year
watch kristin davis' 'sex and the city' nightmare sketch come true
ecstatic american indians praise 'the lone ranger'
man constantly blaming his problems on fact that he's on fire
study: americans enjoy watching tv, eating
smear campaign against michigan candidate shows how hard it is for muslims to run for office
omg we bought a house!  episode 12: anniversary al fresco!
judge orders man accused of tweeting threats to never tweet
soap star's pattern of forming unhealthy bonds began in preschool
how to get kendall jenner's $8,000 outfit for under $200
trumplethinskin: a president's day fable
what obamacare's successes should tell us about its failures
hispanics expected to become majority of u.s. population by middle of father-in-law's rant
dad's fake movie poster gives bedtime with a toddler the dramatic treatment it deserves
u.s. continues dependence on foreign toil
ron paul supporter likes the way paul tells it like it has no chance of being
trevor noah grills chris christie on fedex immigrant tracking proposal
sudden computer restart vomits up bilious mess of unsaved documents on screen
woman profoundly moved by lyrics artist put zero time or effort into
jessica simpson and eric johnson throw it back to 'national lampoon's vacation' for halloween
are you present and mindful -- is your 'inner baby monitor' on?
#talktome: lucas braga and otaviano canuto
street photography in stockholm (pt. 2)
this is all the advice you need for surviving hardship
report: most couples met on set of 'daredevil'
watch live: actor chris meloni dishes on 'underground'
brothers linked to assad gave thousands to dennis kucinich's ohio political machine
pope francis will study american critics of his economic policy before visit to the u.s.
seating mix-up puts tony bennett in middle of slipknot
airman gets heartwarming welcome home from sorority sisters
disillusioned hollywood sign moves back to small iowa farm town
5 real ways to actually support black-owned businesses
clinton consults surgeon general on behalf of friend curious about homosexuality
thursday's morning email: momentum grows in congress for 'bump stock' ban
star wars gamer magazine boldly claims to be the leading magazine for star wars gamers
bernie sanders planning 'major speech' on democratic socialism
france takes first step toward world cup redemption
nation sick of looming stuff
concert security drastically overestimating fans' desire to get close to cheap trick
news roundup for march 14, 2017
trump's strain on free speech
bush gives france 30 days to speak english
with thousands of syrians trapped in raqqa, a single hospital remains
'game of thrones' fans shocked after some little goblin or something killed off in last night's episode
when parents part
prince harry humiliates royal family yet again as base invaded by afghan insurgents
the unsolved tupac and notorious b.i.g. murders to be the focus of new true crime series
jon hendricks, legendary jazz and vocalese singer, dies at 96
now the texas governor wants blake farenthold to repay your $84,000
report: ground still least desirable surface for breaking fall
sanders ramps up spending in effort to catch up to hillary
tony blair under attack again
struggling lower-class still unsure how best to fuck selves with vote
nordstrom just low-key dropped a huge fall sale
mitt romney tweets he's not donald trump's secretary of state pick
adam rippon is allowing america to love a (really) gay athlete
ukraine war: shelling and hunger killing civilians
kylie jenner reveals why she likes caitlyn better than bruce
donald trump says he'll stick with personal twitter account as president
lgbt rights rally in deeply-divided singapore sees record turnout
capital in 21st century
backup plan in case menu item out of stock most well-thought-out part of man's life
leftover bugles still stuck to trump's fingers during bill signing
ostrich-farm employee 'asking for it,' say witnesses
khloe kardashian reportedly pregnant with tristan thompson's baby
black and blue: on being black, female and depressed
bill clinton agrees to disclose guacamole recipe
syria fighting mostly stops as truce takes effect
college basketball player with inoperable brain tumor raises $1 million for charity
progressive democrats met secretly with iranian diplomat in december
bat disease epidemic still expanding throughout north america
history channel treating invention of popcorn like it's fucking penicillin
halliburton employee's pay docked for weeks spent as hostage
nation's attractive people demand we send them all $200 checks
employees on other end of conference call just want it to be over
the snowflake's guide to staying sane in the age of you know who
the superficiality of online dating apps
will tax reform close the gaps?
fox news viewers really don't like lifelong republican robert mueller
jury selection proving difficult in trial of 'the jury killer'
are you an achievment junkie? why it's so hard to stop working so hard
having a tough time giving up control? this guide is here to help
white house lawn covered in congressional campaign signs
spider eggs hatch in bush's brain
12 stunning photos of 'tiny dancers' caught in action
hammered office depot manager thrown out of chili's
cottonelle adds blue strip to toilet paper but keeps what it does a secret
street harasser haunted by woman who got away with dignity intact
i've been called a lot of things... but isis?
twitter 'verifies' jason kessler, organizer of charlottesville white supremacist rally
las vegas review-journal removes questions about newspaper's new mystery owner
bird has big plans for cage
warren buffett can't believe he has to live next to powerball winner
little girl and husky puppy howl in a doggone cute duet
obama to speak at memorial service for dallas officers on tuesday
why lin-manuel miranda will always be a fearless ally of planned parenthood
get lucky now: 4 simple ways to jump start your successes in life
bold employee just watching videos during meeting with sound on
trump outlines bold vision for nation's next mass protests
all quiet except cruz. and did you read about al gore?
aclu sues milwaukee over stop-and-frisk, widening challenge to police practice
the unbelievably easy 2014 midterm election voters guide -- money in politics
james corden making major changes to show after london attacks
south carolina ex-policeman's murder trial opens with jury selection
7 styling tricks to spruce up your home this year
dallas police chief who guided force during sniper attack to retire
reason man turning to religion later in life must be horrifying
top hud official worked at cambridge analytica -- but it's not in his bio
pamela geller and the professional islamophobia business
area woman not yelling at you, she's just saying
hillary clinton says she did not send classified information in private emails
dice rolled on hot dogs in back of freezer
bar scene also tired of area bachelor
donald trump effigies burn across mexico in easter ritual
researchers say that first warning sign of alcoholism generally driving over curb, plowing through fire hydrant, and crashing into aquarium
cooking off the cuff: mushrooms make the meatloaf (duck doesn't hurt either)
f. scott fitzgerald, a princeton graduate with his diploma at last
no more 'reconciliation' talk
man allegedly brandishes gun, yells 'all of you should die' to muslim couple
republicans are using an arcane tool to handcuff federal agencies
area man settled for
mcdonnell-douglas unveils new 'gay-dar'
u.s. fears russia ramping up support for assad
bush calls in national marching band to lift u.s. spirits
private vehicles beat ambulances in saving gunshot and stabbing victims
the clintons' arkansas network comes to new hampshire
cities move to outlaw hollow-point silver bullets after wave of gruesome werewolf slayings
gallup pollster forced to cut off another gop voter's enraged rant in order to get to next call
'luck' producers still killing a lot of horses
cheering crowd actually trying to get attention of guy behind iron maiden
love letters from wwii: in memory of my father
the best maternity style moments at the grammys
medical examiner releases amonderez green autopsy
u.s. weighs bigger role in war in yemen
greek populace woken up at 6 a.m. by angela merkel's voice booming through loudspeakers across country
scientists invented a headband that could help us better understand each other
unambitious terrorists overturn trash can
reporter crashes the debate and causes some good, old-fashioned chaos
bush celebrates millionth utterance of 'lessons of sept. 11'
new biodiversity program busses in species from outside ecosystems
poll: religion is the answer to today's problems
the atheist and the nun
marauding gay hordes drag thousands of helpless citizens from marriages after obama drops defense of marriage act
last french fry told to 'get your ass over here'
a labor day documentary: 'brothers on the line' tells the story of the reuther brothers -- founding fathers of the american middle class
judge seeks criminal contempt charges against arizona sheriff joe arpaio
teacher grading papers next to you on plane not pulling any punches
area dad figures he's got at least three more months of screwing around before son gains ability to form long-term memories
area mom adds ankle weights to already bizarre workout routine
emily's list makes its first 2018 house race pick
all proceeds no longer going to charity
unpopular student ridiculed mercilessly in teacher's lounge
teen reports saturday night live has sucked since chris kattan left
the essence women in hollywood event was full of black girl magic
dazed jeff bezos realizes he spent entire conversation thinking about how to automate person talking to him
ray lahood resigns following mysterious disappearance of country road
these 'gayby' stars reunited for a new series that's bloody good fun
bernie sanders has no time for chris cuomo asking about the 2020 election
morley safer can't remember if he left stopwatch running after locking up '60 minutes' studio
either someone 14th caller or everything on fire at spanish radio station
middle-aged funeral director buys flashy red hearse
foods that are better outside the u.s.
busy executive has to take this call girl
what money for trump's border wall could buy in disaster relief funding
demi lovato explains why she contemplated suicide at age 7
deray mckesson sues baton rouge police over protest arrests
tiffany haddish needs to win every award after this hilarious acceptance speech
protest again delays hawaii giant telescope construction
'st. elsewhere' pa grilled by howie mandel's biographer
cher's 'believe' now faintly audible everywhere in america
south dakota considering maybe putting mount rushmore on state quarter
ian mckellen says actresses used to proposition directors for sex
this underwater technology harnesses ocean waves to make renewable energy
here's the trailer for adam sandler's 'the ridiculous 6' on netflix
sorry gop, mike pence can't save you from donald trump
how a mom's behavior might be alienating her teen daughter
teen study bible found to increase fun of religion by .03%
gop leaders celebrate passing point of no return
years of living dangerously takes on climate denial, anti-science attacks on climate solutions
americans pool together $945.23 to counteract corporate money's influence in politics
flu clinic selling 2009 version of vaccine for a few bucks cheaper
cnn holds panel discussion to determine if there race problem in america
luis gutierrez shoots down steve king and louis gohmert on law protecting child immigrants
ducks only interested in man's bread
franchesca ramsey's retirement home for trump fans is brilliant
fda relaxes definition of smoothie
firefighter loses home to fire days after he receives racist threat
effective pr on a start-up budget
pitbull slays donald trump over his lewd comments about women
mass e-mail only has four recipients
clinton reelected by wide margin
mom unaware little note she packed with son's lunch getting him beaten up right now
on mars, who's in charge?
"eco-warrior" vandana shiva, at $40,000 a speech, rejoins hawaii anti-gmo crusade, but truth is the victim
watch this paddleboarder get straight-up wrecked by a dolphin
german auto engineer issued lab coat
networks will interrupt daytime shows for real-life soap as comey testifies
pre-roe abortion providers on breaking the law to save women's lives
report: rest of pottery class knows each other from previous pottery class
condé nast launches 'the new yorker for black people'
man who just bought mayan headdress, 4 crates of corn pretty sure you'll be looking like the fool when apocalypse happens
yahoo's meeting programmatic demand from advertisers at the newfront (video)
first-term congressman brings fresh roadblocks to table
thousands take to the streets to demand resignation of nicaraguan president
david spade just shot
scott pruitt lands a second fawning conservative magazine profile
aides concerned trump's mental health declining after president admits he may not be omnipotent living god
ditch the paper and increase productivity with these six apps!
our 16 favorite arts, books and culture stories from 2015
sen. tim scott responds to john kelly: 'no compromise to make' on civil war
self-defense instructor simulates attacker right down to erection
the final showdown on 'repeal and replace' obamacare: what to watch for this week
report: majority of diner's salt and pepper shakers currently being used to diagram elaborately planned bank heists
picasso's 'guernica' triples in value after being autographed by the 1994 new york rangers
gop debate stage manager pulls ladies' podium out of storage for carly fiorina
outline of inhaler clearly visible in comic-con attendee's lycra bodysuit
living in the moment: the beauty of uncertainty
5 heroes who need your help amid aleppo crisis
vice gearing up for nightly hbo show with new hires, moves
painting of jesus totally knows area man is high
teresa giudice looks better than ever in a cut-out dress
girl, 6, writes touching letter to defend brother with autism
king lear and the silver tsunami
sean hannity: 'i will be dispelling any and all factual claims about me during my show'
of course jesus is black: 'that s**t doesn't happen to white people'
how to stand your ground in a world full of mean girls
popeye's home boiglerized
'i am not your negro' trailer shows the lasting power of james baldwin's words
all gold everything (notes on depression and feeling broken)
facebook friend apparently dead now
united ceo blames 'belligerent' customer for flight melee
new documentary reveals secrets behind an exxonmobil disaster
here's christine baranski watching trump's inauguration on 'the good fight'
this is the world's first official 'jewish tartan'
fox news host: trump fulfilled biblical prophecy by moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem
over 50% of lgbtq youths struggle with eating disorders, survey finds
tearful tim kaine wandering around backstage at debate asking if anyone has seen his running mate
justin bieber's latest 'carpool karaoke' is too hot
umass dartmouth beginning to regret offering course in applied domestic terrorism
the irony of intelligence
trailblazing women: whitney johnson, leading thinker & co founder of clayton christensen's investment firm
undercurrent of inequality and fear roiling just beneath surface of '50s-themed diner
mccain tucks extra neck skin into collar
coming out again!
little caesars marketing new marshmallows 'n' gravy pizza directly to president
maya angelou thought she'd be invited to more white house stuff
area woman loses respect earned since last st. patrick's day
donald trump's arrogance is outdated in corporate america
christian lgbtq group raises money to help pay for gender-affirming surgeries
macarthur genius grant goes right up recipient's nose
seabed search for mh370 could end within a week
autopsy determines total loser's corpse contained no traces of drugs, alcohol
incredible new slate of documentaries to elevate everyday lgbt heroes
washington teen broke up with girlfriend before deadly shooting: reports
cockroach worried about what kind of kitchen cupboard he leaving to children
daily meditation: there's nothing wrong with you
joel siegel 'absolutely loved' dream he had last night
bar bet becomes increasingly complex
is under armour copying nike's playbook?
this great song, bar sources report
john kelly loses seat on naacp board of directors
twitter users call b.s. on donald trump's tweet about mueller indictments
white house talks tough on iran, but suggests nuke deal is ok after all
huntsman quietly relieved to be polling poorly among gop voters
gop sticks it to obama with one more gitmo vote
research paper: isis-turkey links
tv reporter's water breaks right at this moment during newscast
area man incapable of making plans without excitedly rubbing palms together
bill nighy and carey mulligan renew old lovers' quarrels
'black panther' passes the $500-million mark at the box office
report: 38% of road trips end with burying friend in shallow grave in desert
man unwilling to skydive blasted for contradicting previous 'up for whatever' stance
black women are rising – when will our pay?
dove deodorant's #alternativefacts campaign trolls the trump administration
corbett friend screwing with newspaper endorsements
republican presidential candidates to disclose bundlers for first time since 2008
mark zuckerberg: 'you should be grateful all your incessant oversharing online is actually worth something'
12 women who absolutely killed the sports game in 2015
dare graduate celebrates first toke
fire department deploys unmarked trucks
author dismayed by amazon customers' other purchases
un chief warns that women's rights are under attack worldwide
report: saying 'smells okay' precedes 85% of foodborne illnesses annually
turkish soccer body penalizes kurdish club amid mounting tensions
televisa host says network pressured her to say on-air sexual harassment was a hoax
educator cuts deal in teacher cheating scandal
physicist brings in particle from home he's been meaning to accelerate
logan paul: 'i didn't realize people who commit suicide kill themselves'
emeril bams groupie
this immigrant teaches sewing skills to empower refugees
report: breathing can extend lifespan by several decades
internal email: sinclair ceo tells employees not to let 'extremists' bully them
death of miss moneypenny all tnt needed to run monthlong bond marathon
the impossible conversation: talking to children about islamophobia
is america's president a russian asset?
the weird thing gop candidates are doing when they get called out on lies
can limiting the use of military gear prevent another ferguson?
struggling media company almost desperate enough to hire someone qualified for job
after dark: one-half nelson, artist and nightlife personality
watch: ghost riding a tractor swing
3 things you should always do before showering
u.s. senators share their #metoo sex harassment stories
area man a walking encyclopedia of everything except leading a normal life
bradley cooper racks up staggering one oscar nominations
compassionate fisherman doesn't have heart to throw trout back into incredibly polluted lake
are you a lady-in-waiting?
man finds self back at porn store again
disastrous ad campaign appeals to basic human intelligence
temp excited to begin first day as secretary of agriculture
bruce vilanch sodomized by homosexual
joy to the world, the griswold family christmas sportscast is here
romney spends day tearfully apologizing at father's grave
weird al's 'lame claim to fame' mocks celebrity obsession
ask the art professor: how can i make the transition to teaching art at the college level?
retail group spoofs 'ferris bueller' in ad bashing donald trump's tariffs
tijuana and the future of trade
17 wedding pics that will make you want to cozy up with your boo
dvd player in tesla raises questions in autopilot death
president, cabinet move into new open plan offices
experts report $37 amount of money you need to donate to hurricane relief in order to completely forget about it
rip bob schiller: radio writing wasn't working, so he sent lucy out to stomp some grapes
celebrating pro bono month
rise of the rest day 3: will "the rise" include everyone?
how the little i do can make a difference in my world
why lady pop stars have no time for slacker anthems
what wealth isn't
variety magazine goes to bat for hillary clinton in first-ever presidential endorsement
rick santorum relieved no one has asked him about interracial marriage yet
is it possible to spend too much time with a significant other?
impoverished kenyan bean picker can't wait to see what starbucks has to say about racial sensitivity
npr listener acquires kick-ass tote bag
supermodel's true beauty comes from outside
let's celebrate the left-handed leaders who have made a mark on america
backup health care plan involves nation sharing one big jar of ointment
noxious minions of satan offer free installation through july
'pretty little liars' star troian bellisario weds 'suits' star patrick j. adams in rustic ceremony
wasted cash in the us fishing industry
which jackson will dominate next year's headlines?
stephen colbert has a theory about gary cohn's sudden departure from the white house
frustrated nation out of ideas to solve gun violence problem except for all the obvious ones
k-y introduces new line of jam
our american life
department of the interior sets aside two million acres for car commercials
'very special' stone age axe discovered
all the proof you need that katy perry and orlando bloom are still on
woman checks terror-alert level before leaving for work
in alaska, obama highlights climate change while his decisions draw accusations of 'hypocrisy'
thanks to game of thrones, archery is now cool. you can actually do it & get fit. here's how.
australian police charge vatican treasurer over historical sexual assaults
report: north dakota leads nation in parking availability
fashion plate smashed
new study finds primitive customers capable of buying tools from hardware store
lake bell welcomes baby girl
the global movement to divest from fossil fuels is unstoppable
nutella briefly entertained as lubricant
a roadmap for managing china's rise
dripping wet 7-year-old gets on hotel elevator
affordability and attainment: student success from acceptance to graduation
foot-long hoagie used as ruler
report: increase in gun sales to be most concrete result of obama's pro-gun-control speech
trump blames obama for his political protester problem
non-tenure-track professors at duke move to hold a union election
huffpost rise: what you need to know on may 26
your fall outfit inspo, courtesy of paris fashion week
for dreamers who endured the horrors of joe arpaio's arizona, our work is not done
adnan syed is getting a second podcast after 'serial'
scotland more relaxed when sean connery is away
this 'star wars: the force awakens' visual effects reel is out-of-this-world amazing
baltimore preparing for hurricane joaquin by adding second layer of plywood to shuttered small businesses
chris hemsworth's wife elsa pataky posts sweet photo to celebrate his birthday
walker, rubio plans renew reaganism for our age
airasia search continues but bad weather drives back divers
ann coulter calls 'grotesque' donald trump a disappointment
parents fight to remove cartoon characters from industrial solvents
violence erupts at pro-trump california beach rally
this is what joan rivers hoped her funeral would look like
urban polling centers recommend voters start lining up now for 2016 election
trans teen gavin grimm responds to laverne cox shout out at the grammys
florida police warn public against taking law into own hands unless it's that law specifically designed for you to do that
from cave painters to cassoulet: a trip to southwest france 100,000 years in the making
sighing, resigned climate scientists say to just enjoy next 20 years as much as you can
irs can't believe area man didn't get a raise last year
furious meghan markle can't believe harry hasn't told family she's black yet
taylor swift threw lorde a celeb-filled birthday party fit for royals
6 steps to help you genuinely forgive even the unforgivable
bag of potatoes desperately searching for dirt
to fight human trafficking, the budget must protect homeless kids
nfl star shows off insane speed on treadmill
jeb bush campaign kicks off 3-state farewell tour with iowa town hall meeting
hostage negotiation talks stall in congress
al-qaeda chatter deteriorates into gossip
typo in proposition 8 defines marriage as between 'one man and one wolfman'
years of networking, glad-handing sabotaged by coworker's good idea
trump's budget is a death sentence for the als community
exclusive video: sean hayes discovers family's criminal past
eu referendum in limbo as britain mourns lawmaker jo cox
homeless pitbull couldn't stop trembling, until someone showed her love
census finds enough homeless people living in public library to warrant congressional district
anthropologists unearth possible missing link between a- and b-list celebrities
first holiday season without grandma incredible
#mewesyria: resistance and hope
john kelly takes responsibility for failing to properly silence victims
14-year anniversary of 'crash bandicoot' passes by largely unnoticed
two coasts, one problem: in florida, gop leaders think voters are stupid
the best dinner and a movie combos in la
gisele bundchen dons a nude bodysuit
ridley scott trades russell crowe to tim burton for johnny depp
andrew lincoln and his cue cards are back in 'love actually' reunion teaser
jailed over traffic tickets, this mother attempted suicide. here's how she got to that point.
virginia board votes to amend harsh abortion clinic regulations
chef teaches inmates at cook county jail how to cook, how to live
losing a child without losing your mind
turkey clamps down on mine disaster protests as death toll reaches 301
'grey's anatomy' star caterina scorsone accuses james toback of sexual harassment
a pope that congress should listen to
guy who came in late not sure how much longer he should pretend to be frazzled
artists as global citizens
changing how we study political divisions just might help us heal them
living with hiv: my journey
dean heller's approval rating takes a hit after health care 'debacle'
nation feels first, only pang of sympathy for zuckerberg after watching him engage with ted cruz
can the u.s. and india create an enduring entente?
responsibilities track man down inside dream
man with big stick to lead russia
restaurant bans tips, will pay servers a livable wage
australia travel tips: how to get the most out of the smallest continent
football's black eye
post-modern condition upgraded to pre-apocalyptic
last dog at the shelter receives the sweetest farewell party
ten states with the most student debt
angry voters not soothed by clinton's policy prescriptions
empty yogurt cup completes tableau of used food containers on single man's windowsill
dad's number-one fan also number-one tax break
'glee' finale flashes forward to show dreams come true
building the university of the future
man shot dead by oklahoma city cop was deaf (updated)
conceiving our chosen family
man feeling guilty about chowing down at 9/11 museum café
man trying to remember how that music they used to play before hbo movies went
'an invitation to kill': proxies, foreign powers in syria endanger civilians
systems administrator would so fuck new trainee
watch samantha bee decimate state officials who trash rape kits
scientists announce ambitious project to map layer of garbage on ocean floor
alcoholic recovered
the one thing that really was better when we were kids
classmates awed by first-grader who gets free breakfast every day
panama papers include dozens of americans tied to fraud and financial misconduct
white castle bathroom stall celebrates 5th conception
passage of health care reform brings democrat-republican score to 317,622-318,047
donald trump uses fbi email announcement to attack hillary clinton in new ad
sports de-emphasized
elizabeth warren slams pat toomey for trying to let banks 'swindle' cities and towns
education for the world we want (part 2)
movie marketed as six different genres
teen girls reviewed super bowl commercials and what they discovered will surprise you
mueller ain't going away
wyclef jean is still totally down for a fugees reunion
abc plays 'the wrong song,' cancels 'nashville' after 4 seasons (update)
hiroshima visit brings feelings of guilt to american born in japan
chicago thunderstorm storm kills one person after tent collapses
getting up close to homophobia
dying mastermind pulls red lever
virgin galactic is helping develop a new supersonic commercial airplane
report: it going to take way more than an inconceivable act of violence for country to rise above politics
assistant uses cake to smuggle cake-decorating set to martha stewart
dog waited in this spot for a month for her family to return
report: get back to fucking work
kelsea ballerini believes it's a new era for women in country music
oxycontin maker criticized for new 'it gets you high' campaign
lady gaga belts out the national anthem at super bowl 50
stage door: lypsinka! the trilogy, billy & ray, mozart's the magic flute
fans beg aerosmith to go back on drugs
how to get your engagement ring properly insured
army general conducts exhaustive sex probe
trump working hard to pass cruelest health care bill yet
'secret santa' disburses $100 bills in ferguson to help community heal
barack obama skewers donald trump for losing his twitter access
these strangers rushing to help one another remind us we're not alone
natalee holloway, osama bin laden celebrate 5-year wedding anniversary
dying newspaper trend buys nation's newspapers three more weeks
bon appétit denies allegations that they responsible for millions of pro-quiche twitter bots
concerned nra official rushes out to purchase congressman following mass shooting
woman dots her 'i's with cute round marks
what do kendrick and kanye owe women listeners?
man keeping running total of how many people in gym in worse shape than him
wife too busy videotaping elk attack to save husband's life
first nighter: musicals "atomic," "the mapmaker's opera," "valueville"
report: revolving door gave goldman access to fed secrets
complex human being reduced to 'gutter guy' for purposes of to-do list
man appalled at date who lied slightly more than him on online dating profile
trump cannot stop the transition to environmental sustainability
polish and irish soccer fans shame hooligans with heartwarming embrace
enormous grace slick threatens california coastline
book-club meeting degenerates into discussion of oscars
dogs at polling stations are getting the uk through election day
russian agent disgusted with things he forced to do to pass self off as reddit commenter
secret service shuts down biden's unofficial white house tour operation
saudi women receive husbands' explicit permission to celebrate right to vote
lee greenwood urges u.s. to take military action against iraq
man just going to assume this counts as 'minced'
zeev aram (video)
oscars create new truman capote biopic category
vice president pence pushes expansive nato and defense of european micro-states: does president trump know?
what the contents of your purse say about you
ellen finally meets that chicken nugget kid sabotaging her twitter record
research funding: when is the money dirty?
nation demands more slow-motion footage of running basset hounds
internet explorer makes desperate overture to become default browser
supposed 'game of thrones' buff hasn't even finished books yet
irish nun shows off silky soccer skills in heavenly kickabout with cop
brief ceremony marks delivery boy's passage into delivery manhood
moviegoer can already see where commercials will go
man psyches self out during selection of ice-cream flavor
man who stood and watched robbery acted on pure instinct
history channel repeats itself
english soccer's out-of-nowhere goal machine
everyone in bustling chinese parade attempting to elude pursuers
donald trump triumphs in liberal vermont
eating more fish could lower your risk of depression
thousands want to name a professional soccer team footy mcfooty face
trump claims star of david picture isn't anti-semitic
lowly mortal opens portal to hell
kkk member struggles to blame blacks for his hangover
neither person in conversation knows what hedge fund is
fox cancels apatow's 40-year-old virgin
person sitting in parked car at 2:00 a.m. probably upstanding member of community
blowing out birthday candles increases cake bacteria by 1,400 percent
jimmy kimmel suggests the perfect vacation spots for bill o'reilly
man pretty sure he could run this company into ground way better than boss
webmd doesn't know how to tell you this
no shelter: counting the homeless in seattle
isis starting to worry new recruit huge psycho
janelle monae: 'none of us are free until all of us are free'
u.s. council of coolness releases formal statement on prince
what's ahead for reputation in 2015
this fitness instructor is our new body hero
charlie rose opens up about one of his greatest regrets
elementary school teacher accused in rape of former student
worthless child spills last can of beer
amber rose fearful over breast reduction surgery on wednesday
guinness world records promotes man who can lift 27 pounds with tongue to editor-in-chief
john boehner says republicans will 'never' repeal and replace obamacare
'maybe hang out in the water awhile, then look for some old bread,' duck tells self
the very best part of an internet-free family vacation
old little league trophy stared at
woman saves 75 cents
taco bell's five ingredients combined in totally new way
depressed nation really did not think it would take them this long to get over death of jack klugman
nasa relaunches astronaut jim lovell to 'finish the job'
baltimore named city with best quality of pigeon life
trump's fec pick worries watchdogs
gay man and his mom open up about beautiful viral hidden camera coming out video
officemates unwittingly spend entire workday talking to each other on grindr
10 'outlander' spoilers you need to know for season 2
area telemarketer awash in sea of human misery
united airlines temporarily suspends cargo travel for pets
parents spend first 4 years of child's life fluctuating wildly between hoping child stays asleep, hoping child wakes up
watching the world destroy itself
martin o'malley aims to set the bar on criminal justice with comprehensive reform plan
johnson & johnson hoping brand won't be tarnished if they dip into lethal injection game
sports journalist told to write some slop about baseball healing boston
pastor going on little spiel about seeing how in love couple are despite not knowing them for very long
frustrated iranian scientist forced to shut down project he spent 12 goddamn years of his life on
opposition calls for turkish vote annulment after erdogan wins powers
trump's 'locker room' defense is the excuse you'd expect from a child
modern-day caligula orders everything bagel
questions we ask when raising black boys in america
gop lawmaker: gay rep. should have stayed in the closet
too big to eat
rebel grandma sneaks out of care home to get a tattoo
this time ben carson didn't say he'd violate muslims' civil rights
putin will try the, how you say, fried chicken
from soup to skills: the best ways to volunteer on thanksgiving
fran drescher screeches out for cancer awareness
supposed adult pays man to sit in room and listen to him talk about his feelings
marco rubio nabs his first 2016 win in minnesota gop presidential caucus
small change in procedure wendy's manager's crowning achievement
eric trump leaves plate of seared foie gras outside bedroom door of despondent donald trump jr.
you owe me!
area panties in a bunch
adam levine performs 'lost stars' with maroon 5 at the oscars
afghanistan war veteran solemnly recalls seeing entire platoon killed by undiagnosed ptsd
'starcraft ii: legacy of the void' is coming in november
senate bill 720: making it a crime to support palestinian human rights
parents of crying child must not be any good
other nurse thought it was funny
new secret service agent disappointed there are no decoy presidents
nation's deans meet to discuss problem of college girls going wild
website's new layout feels like deepest betrayal
this little detail could cause a government shutdown
we will beat trumpcare: we only lose if we forget what we're fighting for
nation's shark experts: 'you could've had this job'
saudi prince visits injured yemeni child in hospital to finish the job
huffpost rise: what you need to know on december 9
5 great movies starring interesting, exciting, daring, adventurous girls!
east st. louis rated 'number one city in america' by poverty magazine
artist transforms gallery into a basketball court, all in the name of 'space jam'
new study confirms humans only use 10% of genitalia
novelty alarm clock not so funny at 7 a.m.
gop senator tries to take zika money hostage over obamacare cuts
salmonella outbreak sickens more people following multi-state egg recall
days before the election, one place in washington rose above politics
god urges rick perry not to run for president
burger king unveils new low-fat cashier
twitter creator on iran: 'i never intended for twitter to be useful'
new parents wisely start college fund that will pay for 12 weeks of education
mom $15,000 in the hole with ceramic frog dealer
man wearing m&m jacket apparently made in god's image
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
mom's postpartum body serves as painful reminder of pregnancy loss
new aetna wedding registry lets guests purchase medical procedures couple picked out
congressman excited to be working on bill with intern he has huge crush on
dean cain fanpage last updated 8/14/96
things heat up in the kitchen when 12-year-old busts out moves we didn't see coming
donald trump's ignorance extends to foreign affairs. that's a big problem.
can the green bay packers get back on track in minnesota?
obama takes shots at wnba champions
podcast review: to the manor borne by robots
no matter what happens in the gop primary, a lot of republicans won't be happy
least popular guy at house party really hitting it off with dog
police remove last of dakota access pipeline protesters from camp
walkable cities are both richer and smarter
safety and security: not just for college students
literally every sentence in this ted cruz quote is misleading or false
child's last steps captured on video
4 high-level languages for front-end developers
shitty museum doesn't even have a mona lisa
meatless monday: the seed of something great -- seed food and wine festival
everything you need to know about michael brown's record
bryan bishop talks outvets in boston's st. patrick's day parade and more (audio)
behind the black curtain with tom brady: tears and concerns over patriots' dynasty
water pistol fired using sideways gangsta grip
proven ways to find jaw-dropping designer deals on craigslist
sacred sites
why statehouse interns are especially vulnerable to sexual harassment
mike pompeo can't believe senate just expects he'll answer questions without being tortured first
area woman always has backup problem just in case
the real reason silicon valley is the world's most elusive tourist attraction
kentucky newspapers endorse alison lundergan grimes
matt damon now knows you are sexually attracted to his ponytail
the funniest tweets from women this week
the 'gilmore girls' cast reunited at atx and it was magical
scientists say newly discovered earthlike planet could support robust economy
little leaguers booted from world series over snapchat post
full-circle friendship rooted in triple negative breast cancer
the real driver of great innovation via alexander graham bell and pharrell williams
united airlines cracking down on emotional support spouses
clinton bleeds to death
this dad just proved a sexist double standard without saying a word
americans take brief break from waiting on hold with insurance providers to celebrate obamacare ruling
team of sherpas first to scale everest in 2 years
guy creates trump inauguration flyer we should all start passing out
the $25 skin cream our beauty editor loves
new film company raises $150 million to bring diverse stories to film and tv
kendrick lamar releases surprise new album, 'untitled unmastered'
earth explodes
'x-files' creator hints reboot may confirm that theory about scully
fourth-grader with shark tooth necklace must have killed great white
there's finally a museum devoted to telling the story of hbcus
senate passes 3-year highway funding bill
your neighbors: should you consider talking to them?
first 10 minutes of chess game spent explaining replacement pieces
progressives in congress call for $2 trillion in infrastructure spending
heartless dutch curators put deranged scrawlings of mentally ill suicide victim on full display for world to mock
nra: 'please try to remember all the wonderful things guns do for us every day'
governor too embarrassed to say which state he leads
report: women only made up 2.7% of video game bosses last year
despite madaya aid, u.n. still fails to end country's sieges
blog post read by mother to shape child's next 18 years
9 shows that make the case for watching television in august
local teen would choose gun with night vision laser scope if he joined army
cat that spends life on one of two couch cushions given rabies vaccine
john kasich is running for president, because why not
opening band upstaged by pre-show music
the norwegian curling team should win gold for their pants
merkel's party beaten by anti-immigrant afd in german state election
office manager forced to resort to unfriendly reminders
thai premier eats entire bucket of chicken to calm bird-flu fears
first 'teenage mutant ninja turtles 2' trailer reveals bebop and rocksteady
rookie told to ease up on crime-scene tape
white house signing ceremony reveals blinding white maleness of trump's inner circle
study: 63% of all human speech occurs under breath
teen blinded in one eye, but 'lucky to be alive' after duct tape challenge
sen. mark warner warns trump: firing robert mueller would be a 'gross abuse of power'
man accused of killing firefighter was mad over traffic delay: police
sunday roundup
who declares ebola outbreak after democratic republic of the congo confirms 2 cases
man says he salutes a donald trump cardboard cutout every day
here's why jake gyllenhaal didn't sweat playing gay in 'brokeback mountain'
only two segways in town collide
'jane the virgin' narrator creates a hero for latinos who feel 'trapped' in a conservative culture
'american horror story: freak show' premiere recap: it's a circus, all right (spoilers)
jury finds man guilty of murdering wife and children, but gets it
commas, turning up, everywhere
the force is strong with the iowa department of transportation
cnn headline news reporter unafraid to face the cold, hard factoids
bbc upgrades flap to row
saddam enrages bush with full compliance
andy cohen and taylor swift are over their katy perry drama
advertiser reaches out to youth with off-set, mixed-typography font
china intensifies pressure on north korea
pabst still coasting on 1893 blue ribbon win
11 times the olsen twins dressed in a shambles and still looked better than you
victoria beckham pokes fun at her royal wedding pout in new instagram post
'get tivo' friend's solution to everything
see the moon's newest crater
45 things you'll never hear most men say
john oliver is surprised dustin hoffman didn't expect harassment questions
grieving losses other than death
cargo ships in california slow down to protect blue whales
this streaming site wants to be the netflix of indie festival films
solange rocked her first 'snl' performance like the queen she is
aly raisman sues u.s. olympic committee for silence on larry nassar
encouragement of family, friends motivating man to keep struggling indefinitely
cbs news chief on bob schieffer's return: 'how could you sit out a year like this?'
a guide to the perfect day in rio
ladies, why can't we all just get along?
dear oxford dictionaries, 'pwnage' is not a word and never will be
train slices truck in half in terrifying railroad crossing crash
brazil president dilma rousseff suspended after senate votes for impeachment trial
study links drinking while pregnant to being at kid rock concert
archaeologists discover first hominid to own tools but never use them
area man having one of his little bursts of energy where he tries to write a song
austria and germany open borders to migrants offloaded by hungary
'humor in uniform' submissions at all-time low
blood-spattered suri cruise drags dog carcass to mother's doorstep
put on your damn swimsuit
another university stops students from passing out copies of the constitution
the u.s. is driving less and still building more highways
chemistry lessons for leaders
president trump compliments kim jong un, makes case for north korean nukes
16 universally gross things no one really talks about
here's the candidate who could help bernie sanders' dreams come true
the gop's mexico derangement
doritos good
oregon gov. kate brown announces reelection bid
boyfriend not to be trusted with netflix queue
eric clapton wows audience with even slower version of 'layla'
man stuffs cash into shirt of gop congressman who voted to repeal obamacare
enron executives blamed for missing employee donut fund
conservative media throw virginia gop candidate under the bus after election loss
stephen colbert introduces the hilarious alter egos of donald trump's cabinet
rerun of $25,000 pyramid adjusted for inflation
motorcyclist salvaged for parts
reminder: scott disick is just a fly in kourtney kardashian's instagram web
at gridiron dinner, trump says he 'won't rule out direct talks with kim jong un'
new law to forgive student debt for college graduates once all their dreams shattered
dea accepts record $280 million drug bribe
be on top: amazon best-selling author ryan stewman shares how to elevate sales from personal life experiences
jimmy carter contemplating dying right here and now
tehran. waiting for normality
end gun violence by repealing not enacting legislation
lawrence taylor's wife, lynette taylor, arrested for alleged attack on the nfl legend
woman worried student loans could prevent her from one day owning entirely different kind of crippling debt
spaced-out flower child groovin' on a doobie wave
new partially digested doritos eliminate tedious chewing
viral facebook post reminds dudes not every woman wants to talk to them
hmo targets blacks with 'rapping good' health campaign
trump insists he never thought about firing mueller, feeding him to pack of rabid dogs, mounting head in oval office as trophy
astronomers admit they made neptune up
the crocodile and the scorpion
republicans anxious to repeal and replace law of gravity
s.c. house approves bill to remove confederate flag from statehouse
protesters ignored
second hour in fabric store nearly kills eight-year-old
repopulation of africa begins
a realistic smoothie for the busy mom
esl textbook concentrates on food-preparation vocabulary
what refugees really want
colbert: fbi is so far up trump 'they're reading his emails with a proctoscope'
on being a remainder
thousands protest in mexico one year after 43 students went missing
native american activists ramp up push to rebrand columbus day
tweeters ridicule trump's reason for scrapped uk visit
cherishing every moment is hard
trump launches another sexist tweet in newest attack on 'morning joe' hosts
hillary clinton 'breathing a big sigh of relief' after iowa caucuses
fourth-grader drawing big blank on which year 9/11 terror attacks occurred
nasa announces plans to launch chimpanzee into sun
revisiting the iran deal
arctic glacier called to melt before senate energy committee
comic-book superrman impervious to copyediting
10 names for me that i find offensive, incorrect, bigoted, sexist and just plain wrong!
bernie sanders promises a contested democratic convention
why hosting a party for complete strangers may be the best thing you ever do
hillary clinton torches the 'lip service' of ivanka trump
nation would rather think about 9/11 than anything from subsequent 10 years
u.s. ambassador to cambodia thinks diplomatic immunity covers what he just did
report: new iphone will no longer secretly record every word you say
court rules meryl streep unable to be tried by jury as she has no peers
father apologizes for taking out anger on wrong son
the small schedule mistakes that ruin your sleep
handel's messiah, jesus, and the old testament
herman cain endorses who gives a fuck
lasik surgery allows baron to see without monocle
airborne rally car misses hitting world's luckiest dog by just inches
andie macdowell: audiences' 'fear of getting older' hinders older actors
the 'fuller house' season 2 trailer teases a lot of fun
the alarming retirement shortfall for women
prepare to be hypnotized by these cute puppies eating their dinner
cia's brennan says tearing up iran deal would be 'folly'
ukraine's donbas is like america's deep south
republican wants gun control for federal officials
boehner resignation leaves massive leadership vacuum in congress intact
levi's factory implicated in cruel treatment of denim cows
who declares sierra leone free of ebola
louvre curators hurry to display ugly van gogh donor gave them before surprise visit
this teacher remixes rap songs like 'bad and boujee' to teach history lessons
catapults v. curtains -- girl books and boy books
john boehner greets pope, talks green ties
6-day visit to rural african village completely changes woman's facebook profile picture
this bill could automatically register 50 million people to vote
eden baylee is a stranger at sunset
the world's best marathons
rosie perez wants to understand why anyone would vote for trump
shannon tweed named head of u.s. task force on nudity & aging
why shopping doesn't solve problems in the fashion industry
rupaul is reinforcing the very thing his show is supposed to rebel against
5-year-old figures he has a year left of peeing at urinals with his pants all the way down
the book we're talking about
u.s. retakes top spot in annual 'party country' rankings
kobe bryant feuds with michael b. jordan in spot-on apple tv ad
senate hopeful wants to woo black voters with 'kool aid, kfc and watermelons'
the best style moments from wimbledon 2015
golden retriever mauls 5 in huge victory for pitbull apologists
jessie james decker shares inspiring message about post-baby bodies
supreme court issues 7-1 decision to find scalia's killer
waymo is quietly winning the self-driving car race
these vintage coloring books were around before adult coloring was cool
coast guard drags decoy boca raton into middle of ocean in attempt to lure away hurricane irma
north korea rings in new year with promises of intercontinental missile
study: red meat takes years off of cow's life
scott pruitt orders epa employees to stay in office over weekend while it's being fumigated
social engineering: 9 ways to keep your identity safe
the first 'assassin's creed' trailer levels up video game movies
retired security guard pens open letter to colin kaepernick about national anthem
ninja-like parents demonstrate how to escape a sleeping baby
muslim man shot near mosque in texas
dallas is where i finally get to see the famous french "déjeûner sur l'herbe" painting by monet
heroic police officer talks man down from edge of purchasing subway footlong sweet onion chicken teriyaki
fifth of july at aurora: nostalgia, laughs and agony in a decade of disillusionment
scientists say u.s. may have discovered previously unknown level of not caring about syria
remembering high school
same homeless man always begging for change on united flight
marco rubio says he'd stop protecting dreamers from deportation on day one
how pessimism can help you lose weight
lofty ambitions to shovel entire width of driveway scaled back to only shoveling thin path for car
planet fitness offering new lights-off hour so no one can watch you work out
study finds newborn infants can tell if parents are losers
when the detainee is american . . .
pet owner not bothering to neuter loser cat
democrat decides maybe minor league ballplayers deserve minimum wage
how to outsmart the populists – lessons from france
ana's fate rested with an asylum officer who had just been told to doubt her word
lifeguard would save drowning man, but who is he to play god?
sculptor criticized for turning women into objects
ikea australia's response to kanye west's collaboration request is absolutely perfect
director for aspca commercial demands sadder looking dogs
olive garden voted best italian restaurant in annual 'milwaukee magazine' awards
doctors say pope will be infallible for another year at most
entire shopping mall quietly dreading whatever empty stage set up for
dad reaches age where it's no longer enjoyable to make fun of how old he is
stewart-hannity feud: 'sh*t just got weird'
fda recommends adding little tabasco to that bad boy
man eating cashew butter can't believe he wasted so many years fucking around with peanut butter
mom responds to unsolicited advice about improving her postpartum body
let this artist take you on a 'post-queer' political experience
report: 92% of americans would have gotten over ex by now
taco bell, where a 'lifetime of food' costs just $10,000
rupert murdoch acquires cable
inspired film executive has great idea for budget of film
men did most of the talking in 2016's super bowl commercials
girl finally speaking up enough for people to critique her speaking voice
spiderman distracts dr. octopus with delicious hostess fruit pies
palestinians starting to have mixed feelings about being used as human shields
area man achieves your dream
new epa regulations would force power plants to find 30% more loopholes by 2030
news roundup for july 19, 2017
what was left of the moderate republican party just died in south carolina
denny's introduces new 3,000-spider-egg omelet
maker of pizza rolls rethinks letting fans tell its story
report: 98% of battlebots suffer debilitating cpu injuries
3-year-old pretending stuffed animals having big fight about accidental pregnancy
more than $30 worth of burned cds stolen from residence
newborn constantly terrorized by horrifying shapeless blobs
nation suddenly feels old after seeing nick-at-nite lineup
nation's still-undecided voters: 'help, we can't get our car seatbelts off'
j.k. rowling reveals what her horcrux would be (if she had to make one)
domestic terrorists organizing online are 'real threat,' doj warns
syria, russia pound rebel-held aleppo but advances halt
toby keith is joining trump in saudi arabia for a men-only concert
baby has sinking feeling he left home without oversize multicolor plastic keys
report: excitedly bounding into office remains leading cause of workplace injuries
woman with really pointy feet finds perfect shoes
how educating a market can grow your small business
amazon lashes out at competitors, banning apple tv and chromecast
tales of presidential transition woe, with the associated press
desperate barnes & noble to give unlimited free tablets to anyone who walks in store
hazards of the 'me' culture
kellyanne conway denies mike pence's expensive nfl exit was a 'political stunt'
fcc chair unveils premium comment line to fast-track net neutrality complaints for $49.99 per month
jessica simpson takes the plunge after crushing us with news she'll never do reality tv again
net neutrality supporters to protest at verizon stores nationwide this week
california farmer water cutbacks blocked by judge
heroic goldfish given viking flushing
'troubled' republicans have no plans to do anything about james comey's firing
jake tapper grills kellyanne conway: i'd like trump to stop lying
mom leaks out another divorce detail during drive to sat prep class
deep down, area man knows he's not done vomiting
fox voluntarily removes reality from programming
drinking beer could help save this adorable red panda
do you really need to succeed?
clearing the aereo
second texas judge leaves the republican party in the age of donald trump
the light in the piazza: new productions of 'cavalleria rusticana' and 'pagliacci' at the met
john kelly apologizes for assuming everyone would ignore abuse allegations like they do in military
bill murray is even charming while trying to bribe umpires
the perfect little tea cake to kick off fall
gop leaders celebrate decisive win over americans
conservatives celebrate john boehner's exit, but they're still mad at mitch mcconnell
budget chief raises possibility of trump agreeing to obamacare subsidy deal
prizes on price is right looking better as man ages
the big issue apple needs to address
the rise of a rinpoche
local cvs selling one leather jacket for some reason
executives at bankrupt sports authority ask for bonuses, get denied
man won't stop coming up with new sniglets
lunchbox mostly medications
life-saving drug more accessible to lab rat than majority of americans
an oral history of *nsync's breakup, according to bandmates not named justin timberlake
5 easy weight-loss tips that really work
this dell laptop never worked. how about a refund?
sean hannity defends withholding link to trump's attorney: 'i have a right to privacy'
a somali refugee's american story
returning west virginia teachers unceremoniously toss hundreds of dead class pets into trash
19 women react to the messy, imperfect 'girls' finale
the hunky stars of 'well-strung' put a new twist on a taylor swift smash
report: smart car terrible for doughnuts
sewage truck carrying porta-potties rolls over, dumps stinky mess
cable-tv judge overruled by network-tv judge
migrant and refugee children find a home in greece's intercultural schools
that guy from that one show attempting comeback
supportive parents encourage child's interests in anything within 15-minute drive
hillary clinton: 'young girls should have an equal opportunity to one day feel power coursing through their body'
the funniest tweets from women this week
living in the shadow of a gun crime: 14 years later
bush sr. apologizes to son for funding bin laden in '80s
man surprised by how often he still uses bullying skills he learned in high school
eleven-year-old used as human shield in dodgeball game
containing steph curry -- impossible?
after one realizes methadone clinic nearby, behavior around city block makes sense
mischa barton joins 'dancing with the stars'
23-hour suicide watch a failure
report: average american consumes 156 pounds of sugar per year but would like to consume much more
obama camp vows to win neighborhoods where romney staffers are too afraid to go
grief: 6 reasons to give yourself a hall pass
ben stiller reading trump's 'stable genius' tweets as zoolander is like ridiculously funny
big news: the gop has a plan to make a plan to replace obamacare
setting the record straight on sexual assaults on campus
fat girl euphemized
senate does equifax a favor as a former executive is charged with insider trading
understanding the islamic state
u.s. justices reject challenge to protest ban on supreme court plaza
sony exec's apology following prejudicial emails is just not enough, and here's why
efforts of world's 16 billion chickens still not adding up to much
broken hearts and eclairs
nevada secretary of state says 21 noncitizens could have voted for president in her state
the bible could become tennessee's official state book
nation dutifully gets in cars, stands in line, watches new star wars movie
how the russians won world war iii - a short history
residents of philadelphia, cleveland at least relieved they can't host another one of these fucking things for few decades
friend's mom tearing it up on facebook
3-day weekend practically already over
baby-shower attendees quickly drain box of white zinfandel
nation's women wake up relieved to find selves still in 2012
wrecking to 'revitalise': são paulo expels drug users and razes buildings, claiming public safety
politico admits 'mistake' in sending dnc an article in advance
the very nonsensical trump budget proposal
chris columbus explains the obstacles to making a 'goonies' sequel
study finds majority of accidental heroin overdoses could be prevented with less heroin
gwen stefani teases possible no doubt album
it is a shame, it was a sham
donald trump jr. just shared the weirdest picture of his dad
sure, area man can watch your cat while his life is falling apart
purchase of jeans ushers man into exclusive, ultra-cool subculture of jeans-wearing americans
online university allows students to amass crippling debt at own pace
the art of listening
loser can't even get wife pregnant
bye bye american airlines, bye
librarian who amassed millions by living humbly leaves entire fortune to college
iran will be the first beneficiary from trump's policies in syria
the politics of fashion | the fashion of politics (video)
hammering away at illegal immigration from central america
polls close in britain's bitterly fought eu referendum
14 michigan state reps reportedly heard about abuser larry nassar and did nothing
moms to epa: recall monsanto's roundup
wells fargo faces proposed class action lawsuit over bogus account scandal
group that makes dodge truck commercials called 'creative team'
jim carrey's scathing portrait of trump as the joker will give you nightmares
woman's greatest dream to one day dance in studio audience of 'the ellen degeneres show'
channing tatum teases 'gambit': 'wait till you see what we're going to do'
a visual history of 'the nutcracker' in 100 photos
louie anderson now available in pasta form
why send humans to space when we can send robots?
historical archives: facial corsets for ladies, finally
the false resurrection of george w. bush
report: employers know within first 5 minutes of job interview whether they will murder applicant
generous improv troupe performing for free
today particularly rough day for east village junkie transvestite
claire danes fantasized about
jeb bush may be the most awkward 2016 candidate
rumsfeld makes jerk-off motions as powell speaks at cabinet meeting
puzzled nation can remember name ferguson, but not sure from where
biden searching white house one last time for missing pet snake
an oral history of 'an inconvenient truth'
fox news doctor: ben carson was right about guns and the holocaust
only one president had the guts to say the state of the union is 'not good'
adventures in our own backyard
marilu henner named u.s. secretary of mid-level talent
financial planner advises shorter life span
study: 86 percent of world's soccer stadiums double as places of mass execution
12 things cool moms do to embarrass their teen sons
clinton campaign launches 'latinos for hillary'
flu can't wait to get the fuck out of area man's body
sight of 400 war elephants on horizon marks hillary clinton's arrival in swing state
this hotel offers the ultimate in sweet dreams: a 10-pound doughnut
6 necessities that you probably take for granted (but many people desperately need)
time-traveling hillary clinton warns self to do everything in exact same way
texas education board votes to create classes on mexican-american studies
strapping young man to address congress
what does honolulu's urban development really mean?
butterfly on ankle marks passage into womanhood
criminal mad that man called the cops on him
toddler junkie immediately hooked on looking at trains after first exhilarating high
briefcase full of porn
these muslim teens just went to their first women's march. they could have led it.
olive oil in skinny bottle obviously better
stop thinking, just move: combatting ocd
vin diesel puts on 35 pounds of bone for upcoming role
new hampshire primary excites tiny percentage of population who even cares what happens anymore
new gop plan offers tax breaks on all contributions tucked into congressmen's suit breast pocket
famed chef homaro cantu found dead
drunk naked man streaks at women's march, pays the price
yeti releases abdominable crunch workout video
joe biden on beau: 'he said it was my obligation to run, my duty'
these medical marvels are proof science is amazing
34,000 sign petition against archbishop who reportedly invited kim davis to meet pope
procrastinating surgeon putting off coronary bypass by cleaning entire hospital
night watchman keeps leno under close surveillance
george lucas loves art so much he's opening a $1 billion museum
donald trump calls kim jong un a 'smart cookie'
conservatives start spending to block obama supreme court nominee
bored gop vetting rand paul just to kill time before viable 2016 candidate emerges
come to listen, mr. president
u.s. to offer tax incentives to companies that do not openly make world worse at every turn
kathie lee gifford denies getting sincerity implants
area man too deep into haircut to start talking to barber now
'ravaged' named florida's official state adjective
closed-door meeting to determine future of honey-roasted peanuts
video shows e-cigarette suddenly explode in new jersey woman's handbag
police arrest mother of newborn found buried alive
middle-aged cat can't begin to compete with adorable kittens on internet
nbc cancels 'piven' after 5 seasons
strom thurmond begins preparing cabinet
fans, music greats mourn loss of mr. rock 'n' roll chuck berry
dolphins chatter more when solving tricky tasks
mass grave blasted for lack of diversity
study finds hiv+ gay men with undetectable viral load will not transmit virus
djimon hounsou to play every african in the world
watch the moving lesbian storyline that got cut from 'love actually'
how pakistan's unregulated madrassa system sows religious strife
12 cards any newly single person would be happy to get in the mail
guy typing in all caps supports edward snowden
report: 43% of party invitations unprovoked
the 11 most outrageous celebrity outfits of 2015
the onion apologizes
america's love affair with jim breuer to start any day now
guy you canvassed with knows this great little italian canvassing place
this university is pledging free tuition to students displaced by harvey
ghost of brando urges man to finish whole cheesecake
christina aguilera is barely recognizable on paper magazine cover
new don blankenship campaign ad touts jobs created in wake of upper big branch mining disaster
north korea's evil-looking hotel has a brighter feature
california's marijuana legalization aims to repair damage from the war on drugs
grown man who owns bane action figure has love to give
the feeling to ignore when you're on an emotional roller coaster
stars of canceled show terrified fans will raise money for movie
regular citizen heroically enforces park's 'no glass containers' rule
is hillary clinton the last democratic presidential candidate to support the death penalty?
bipartisan senate duo push justice department for briefing on michael flynn
secretary of agriculture gently reminded about dress code
u.s. deportation rates hit a 10-year low
vin diesel breaks off tracking collar against rocky outcropping
chinese citizens gather in beijing square to watch u.s. national debt clock strike $18 trillion
report: media coverage of bear attacks may be biased
carson says trump knows judge attack was wrong
looking through the glass ceiling
ivanka trump says her dad can't be sexist because he hired her
world health organization releases top 10 most fucked up causes of death
historical archives: to-day in american history
local mosque only rated 1.5 stars on yelp
al gore gets to third
these quotes from kids are hilarious, adorable and oddly insightful
donald trump says our schools are 'flush with cash.' they're falling apart!
how do you survive an ostrich attack? watch this video.
nasa's kepler spacecraft recovers from unexplained emergency mode
10 things you didn't know about cameron diaz
archivists discover unpublished michael crichton manuscript about amusement park that operates without a hitch
seaworld unveils new 20 whales stuffed in pool show
nation's substitute teachers would like to know who threw that
trump's iran decision leaves only 2 likely outcomes
the painful price of aging in prison
trump privately terrified his sexual assault victims will someday come forward
all of taylor swift's bffs on the 1989 tour
why jb smoove doesn't want chris rock to boycott the oscars
democrats ask oversight committee to investigate trump's potential conflicts of interest
bush calls cabinet meeting to get story straight
focus groups and instant polls won't tell you who 'won' the debate
cost of paper
library used its 3d printer to make prosthetic hand for girl
one humanitarian's simple and profound answer to the trump era
ava duvernay on trump's america: 'art will be our weapon'
because every woman wants a man that smells like work boots!
mom says she pulled gun on teens threatening her son
novelty pencil worn down to the nub
fbi warns republican memo could undermine faith in massive, unaccountable government secret agencies
report alleges human rights abuses at dhs facilities on the mexican border
even more evidence that anxiety can be genetic
guy at house party must be at least 32
third knocked-over glass of water makes man want to give up
abusive husband was himself abuser as child
area man killed in committee
japan calls for 'world without nuclear weapons' on hiroshima bombing anniversary
systems administrator would so fuck new trainee
actor matthew mcconaughey agrees to star in whatever
increasingly obsessed robert mueller forces wife to dye hair blond, dress like ivanka
mlb announces new domestic violence policy
meryl streep and tom hanks have too much fun playing each other's characters
thoughtful ocean returns body a few days after borrowing it
embattled rove seeks asylum in scarborough country
how americans get duped into buying endangered animal items
surgeon general recommends exercising once every several months during flash of panic about health
kim jong un calls north korea sub missile launch 'greatest success'
4 ways the drug war harms national security
congress sets date for obama's last state of the union address
comey: trump wouldn't shut up about the inauguration crowd to me, either
kim kardashian gives us the first glimpse of saint west
president bush urges nation
southerner recognized for driving-in-a-circle
man attempting to determine whether restaurant closed without getting too close
zuckerberg wishes old people would stop commenting on facebook
suicide bombing near afghan parliament kills more than 30
mark zuckerberg promises that misuse of facebook user data will happen again and again
roth vs. traditional 401(k) -- which is better?
thanks to google maps, you can be at the world cup
medicare should cover hearing aids
lax supervision plagued officer sex cases, ap investigation finds
the real point of going off the grid
members of twisted sister now willing to take it
this is the most unexpected rumor of the day
magical gallery transforms dull objects into art
how to redefine success like stephen curry
so-called 'giant' mouse actually baby kangaroo
labor dept. creates 20,000 new hobbies for nation's jobless
fired lesbian catholic school teacher locked out of archdiocese while trying to deliver petitions
democrats unveil 324 million new slogans to appeal to each u.s. resident individually
wake up call to the honduran diaspora
this love story will make every scrabble nerd's heart flutter
bernadette peters comes up twice in one day
heartfelt apology robs man of cherished grudge
conservatives revise history to discredit trump inauguration protesters
john f. kennedy makes rare appearance at kennedy center honors
after decades of effort, chemists overseas report 'nano' breakthrough
chris christie's professed priorities
ted cruz names this fuckin' lady—remember her?—as vp pick
doctor, patient have wildly different definitions of word 'hope'
random people keep giving martin o'malley guitars to play
an nfl guide to employee management
key california lawmaker steps down amid harassment claims
with 'house on fire,' ty herndon aims to 'change hearts and minds'
omarosa turns on trump: wouldn't vote for him again 'in a million years'
woman 7 golden retrievers short of childhood vision
ceo has big ideas to grow company's problems
neil gorsuch is neither republican nor democrat, says chief justice roberts
'guitar hero' had a baby with your keyboard, and it's great
investigative reporter ruins fish sticks for everybody
musical the kind with number about putting on a show
america gets set to enjoy month or so of libya seeming like symbol of freedom
mike pence wonders if an iranian scientist was executed because of hillary clinton's emails
riotous, chanting iowa state fair crowd gathers for annual deep-frying of virgin
hillary clinton really wants you to think she's tough on wall street
compromising company's values for advertising revenue referred to as 'partnering'
israel retroactively legalizes 4,000 settler homes
supporting grieving kids – an opportunity and an obligation
'the middle's' brock ciarlelli on the power of treating being gay as 'no big deal'
new 'wondersplint' makes fractures appear larger; fuller
male bonding leads to bail bonding
kylie jenner and tyga bring their romance to new york fashion week
latino voters may be turning against the gop
how a tv-free summer is changing our family
this heartbreaking poem about dating with ocd is so spot on
group of girls directs would-be suitor toward least attractive member
area man experimented with sex back in college
stormy daniels, james comey arrive at white house for state dinner
6 living room design ideas worth stealing
kaley cuoco explains why her ex-husband 'ruined' marriage for her
princeton students protest protesters
deciphering what one woman wants in a man
this is the worst commercial ever created
same guy starting each round of applause
la metro's next ceo
1-800-eat-shit finally publishes decades of reckless-driving data
new alternative-fuel suv will deplete world's hydrogen by 2070
local man knows he moved to minneapolis for something, but can't remember what
why women should get 'un-tired'
isis recruiter excited to be talking to popular high schooler for once
lindsey graham vows to uphold john mccain's legacy by blindly supporting gop agenda after grumbling for a few minutes
kfc introduces new previously owned 20-piece hot wings
'hägar the horrible' cartoonist expected more for 40th anniversary
u.s. fish and wildlife officials release photos of missing perch
a new way to buy gold
cher back
obama and democrats set a trap for trump after baton rouge
tove lo is the latest star on taylor swift's epic 1989 tour guest list
cast, crew of troy begin disastrous 10-year journey back to hollywood
croatian prime minister currently stuck under pile of turnips
2-hour meeting spent thinking up hashtag absolutely nobody on planet earth will ever use
article about one world trade center building includes paragraph explaining 9/11
the 3 (unlikely) artists i'm obsessing over this year
russian olympic coach gently breaks news to hulking 200-pound gymnast that she won't be competing in south korea
5 ways modern science is embracing ancient indian wisdom
parents of 12-year-old say son killed himself after being bullied over sexuality
local company introduces new take your daughter's friend to work day
behold, the most magical (and massive) picnic of all time
entrepreneur series: growing up and doing business with... mandy ingber, celebrity yoga instructor
internet, a double-edged sword stained with fake news and censorship
bush vows to do 'that thing gore just said, only better'
protecting our environment is a matter of life or death
ornithologist forced to participate in history channel's 'what if humans suddenly became birds?' program
michael phelps says that he's now ready to retire
new study finds staring out from balcony with best friends strongest indicator that this your city, your time
the definitive international guide to tipping
study: child obesity rates declining, but you wouldn't know it looking at macarthur center mall in norfolk, virginia
when men 'misremember' violating women
cheney to speak at republican convention from section 109, row 56, seat 3
can bernie sanders ride fracking to victory in new york?
prepare your mind, body and soul for this leaked britney spears track
harry belafonte is really concerned about trump supporters
homemade 'die hard' scene will have you saying 'yippee ki yay'
university quickly slaps together rinky-dink ceremony for anyone graduating in december
employee slowly realizes boss attempting to have normal conversation with her
enchanted necromancer brings life back to once-dead argument
friend moving apartments probably just going to rent u-haul, have nervous breakdown
your fafsa questions answered
why we need the disclose act
tyra banks brings tears to teen designer's eyes with this heartwarming surprise
ten great latino books published in 2015
remains of minnesota boy missing since 1989 found
people can't agree on whether this voice is saying 'yanny' or 'laurel'
suitcase spends all year looking forward to carousel ride
bush followed everywhere by line of baby ducks
5 formative queer movies to break out at your pride party
merrick garland tears up during fifth grade commencement address
at philly's independence mall, pope francis offers his definition of religious freedom
45-year-old fails to make someone very happy one day
family relieved to hear good grandma didn't die
man pleased to find most of his mid-'90s anti-hillary rant still usable
weird al honors parents' memory with 'tears in heaven' parody
the fashion world is really trying to make crocs 'it' shoes
universal patents a wand and spells ride that sounds perfect for a new harry potter attraction
hundreds of people will work to make sure woody harrelson's live movie goes smoothly
registered sex offender allegedly caught working as petco santa claus
l.a. fitness announces plan to close all locations for 30-minute, high-intensity diversity training
police pleasantly surprised to learn man they shot was armed
voter anger palpable at intentionally anger-stoking rally
6 things you should never tell your divorced friend
mathematician has popular equation stuck in head all day
cia on torture memo: 'we need to stop writing this stuff down'
trump and the catholic schism
11 great movies from 2016 that you can stream on netflix (and 1 on hulu)
'boy meets world' spin off to focus on difficulties of raising autistic child
posthumously recorded bob dylan album receives rave reviews
rover runs into trouble, turns back
two dozen restaurant patrons made violently ill from marriage proposal
i'm the same person - being gay and loving god
sla murder trial nostalgic trip back to more innocent time
line cook learns leaving restaurant industry not that easy
8 buttoned-up wedding looks that are anything but boring
the mediaeval greek fortress town of monemvasia: spring break 2016, breaking bad on the looney front - part 6
queen elizabeth ii to wed longtime partner following passage of gay marriage bill
that time mariel hemingway made out with all the women on 'snl'
it will take more than comey's testimony to sink trump
the 5 best basic phones for kids
chaplains, counselors, pastors rush to help in san bernardino
photos of ''star wars' in real life will put you over the moon
syrian rebels, government think it's about time to call syria a day
the butterfly duty: mapping our way toward unity
you won't believe why this man's license was suspended
boston teachers visit students' countries of origin to bridge cultural divide
lindsey graham asks nearby family to take his picture for photo op
nation thankful that shellie dean zimmerman was charged with perjury at least
woman's body confusing jumble of celtic, egyptian, japanese symbols
detective endangers own life by looking forward to upcoming retirement
man born to party dies partying
7th heaven celebrates 100th underage drinking episode
ryan chugs down rhino horn and bull semen shake for mid-debate boost
world's dumbest shoplifters literally run into the police at costco
you are enough
texas gov. rick perry indicted for wearing hipster glasses
twitter took a much-needed break from the world to #addcandytoamovie
prince george and princess charlotte steal the show at pippa middleton's wedding
the supreme court has had enough of the lethal injection debate
taraji, kerry and mary j. redefine squad goals in new apple commercial
'a rising tide lifts all boats,' but the boatless are left to suffer
horse racing tested by the test of the champion
call bulls#!t: just because they say it, doesn't mean it's true
consumption of buncha crunch reverently paused during unsettling scenes of 'american sniper'
man's streak of getting great parking spot ends at 37
q-tips introduces new multi-speed electric ear swab
republicans wage last-minute campaign to undermine net neutrality rules
taylor swift was 'the happiest maid of honor ever' at her best friend's wedding
ford recalls 2010 mustang for being too cool
child subjected to elaborate hairdo
author of 'introduction to algebra' recalls textbook being rejected by 12 publishers before getting accepted
study finds health benefits associated with seriously considering going vegetarian for a while now
gore mauled by aquatic mammal
nuclear warhead thrilled for chance to finally escape north korea
man travels to historic art locations just to paint the patterns on his shirts
police investigating two possible hate crimes from sf pride weekend
zip-loc introduces new party sub sandwich baggies
wedding guest in suspenders, bow tie unafraid to take dance floor
guy who used drawing of self on dating website must be fun and also attractive
see the first photo of alicia keys' baby boy!
exclusive look inside the baltimore police investigation into freddie gray's death
kim jong-un comes out in support of gay marriage: 'i'm not a monster'
read live updates on the government shutdown
mass protests planned if trump fires deputy attorney general rosenstein
georgia adds swastika, middle finger to state flag
woody allen says harvey weinstein scandal is 'very sad for everyone involved'
entire conversation with parents spent changing the subject
fruit of islam cause man to soil fruit of looms
growing up in transylvania
here are some of the best signs from the equality and resist marches
lady gaga kidnaps commissioner gordon
black or white? let's talk about gray
disgusted robert mueller eats 2 20-piece chicken mcnugget meals in one sitting in attempt to get into trump's mind
6 dead, including 4 kids, in mass shooting near houston
how much beer the world drinks, in 1 interactive globe
candidates annoyed to have to take stance on zinc mining
rare shark accidentally caught by fisherman
comedy cellar holds night for male comedians to workshop sexual harassment apologies
gop picks paul ryan for house speaker
matador fatally gored after he trips on cape in french bullring (warning: graphic video)
$500 stereo installed in $400 car
tourist scams, part 3: what to know before you go
ex-nfl player laments not knowing about cte prior to football career
how was local man to know carol channing's niece was around?
report: some people live in pennsylvania
what happened to america's first muslims?
kids as crash test dummies: brownback outsources child support services to donor
defunded planned parenthood reassures supporters it has enough fetus cash to keep going
man carefully selects t-shirt for night out
historical archives: a jest for you
police seek poorly drawn man
frothing alex jones claims sexual harassment part of worldwide imbalance in gender power dynamics
orlando's number-two animal attraction, behind disney
watch 1998 rudy giuliani completely torpedo 2018 rudy giuliani's trump arguments
3 simple steps to restart your life
two former press secretaries have some advice for sean spicer
7 tips to exchange gifts and save stress, money
man tinkering with anecdote set list before next date
joe scarborough to donald trump: you're acting like a racist bigot
rest in peace zeus, world's tallest pooch
you can now buy 'icky trump' t-shirts thanks to the white stripes
report: climate change to force people to double ice cream consumption speed by 2050
corporate merger renders thousands of coffee mugs obsolete
miley cyrus keeps her sense of humor amid hospitalization
samantha bee rips nra-beholden senators with spoof halloween costumes
trump brings back 'pocahontas' slur of elizabeth warren at event for native american veterans
rate of uninformed conversations about navy seals skyrockets
10 lies everyone tells you about paris
u.k. reality tv contestant fiercely shuts down co-stars' sexist comments
'yes, but how did he die?' ghoulish american public asks of recent celebrity death while rubbing delicate, bony hands together and smiling thinly
mike pence claims there was no contact between russia and trump during the campaign
gop lawmaker matt gaetz slams haiti: 'sheet metal and garbage' everywhere you look
willi dorner's 'bodies in urban spaces' (video)
court rules 'cannibal cop' can fantasize about whatever he wants
california extends state worker travel ban to 4 'discriminatory' states
glowing ahmadinejad: 'i am the nuclear weapon we've been building'
hannity rips jimmy kimmel in off-the-rails feud as 'twisted, creepy weirdo"
michelle obama: my proudest achievement as first lady is my daughters
man knows unsettling amount about nationwide age-of-consent laws
eyes removed in violent yearbook attack
9 nitty-gritty organizing tips
piers morgan just pissed off a lot of parents with paternity leave comments
parents seize creative control of 3rd-grade art project
unusual polling question reveals which candidate is more likely to win in november
report: nation spends $50 billion annually to get kids excited about things
man in suit slams fist on desk
5 things everyone gets wrong about napping
area dad stares longingly at covered grill in backyard
palm tree fires off warning coconut
monstrously 'nasty' ancient crocodile gets named after lemmy from motorhead
dominos unveils napkin-stuffed pizza crust
arlen specter switches affiliation from alive to dead at last minute
how real is work-life balance?
missouri gop lawmaker urges lynching for vandals of confederate statue
meatless monday: portuguese mashup
history channel admits to profiting from nazi documentaries
dad's tough exterior hides angry, resentful center
proud son posts pic of folks who graduated college after addiction
norman lear, common, shonda rhimes to explore inequality in epix documentary series
man forced to reverse-engineer point in midst of meandering, absentminded rant
fan at dodger stadium gets really comfortable
teen unsure how to break it to parents that the devil got her pregnant
caitlyn jenner isn't threatening your womanhood
common cause files campaign complaint over donald trump finance 'sleight of hand'
report: it apparently time in conversation to smile, laugh
neighbors come together to watch bmw owner struggle in snow
study: best method of finding job still excitedly circling newspaper listing in red marker
almost no effort made to stop kid from eating cigarette butt
you should love beyonce!
106 things you can do to bring about the queer revolution
the uk election: us lessons
pamela anderson slams australia's treatment of refugee's dog in papua new guinea
the real reason tyrese didn't reunite with taraji p. henson on 'empire'
cop vows to hunt down punk who successfully pressed brutality charges against his partner
the important conversation almost no one seems to be having
smoking ban collapses fragile prison economy
will a mega-billionaire rescue america from gop's insurance mayhem?
'these kids should be in school instead of protesting,' say people so tantalizingly close to getting the point
watch: why mirrors flip things sideways but not upside down
how to age in the era of 'erectile dysfunction'
study finds chimpanzees only other animal capable of keeping lid on friend's affair
man torn between boycotting indiana, visiting evansville zoo
ashley judd fires up women's march with stirring 'nasty woman' performance
women honor harriet tubman with 100-mile trek along the underground railroad
al-qaeda hires public-relations consultant just to shoot him
frank gehry: is music liquid architecture?
nyc removes statue honoring 19th century surgeon who experimented on female slaves
eerie sci-fi short explores quest to feel 'connected' with a surprising star
why we can't ignore the outliers
that guy from that one show to make guest appearance on that other show
5 better questions to ask allergy families
saudi crown prince's unprecedented power grab could come to haunt him
report: limbo competition nation's last example of pure meritocracy
it's national 'twilight zone' day, so here's every creepy laugh from the show
strangers to send 'nice bucket' gift to ice challenge prank victim in moving show of solidarity
sam smith's pop rise: how a uk soul man came out and still became america's next top idol
this labor day, let's boost opportunity in every zip code
eu headscarf ban ruling sparks faith group backlash
the kind of demonstration i'd like to see
emerson collins talks new film “a very sordid wedding” & more (audio)
daily meditation: joyful
man given 3 months to live throws in one or two non-sexual things to do
men, boys separated
narrow gaps in bathroom stall doors to be widened monday
area dad to spend next few days or so telling son it important to respect women
11 free gifts every entrepreneur seeking success and balance should give themselves
voice of patrick stewart lends air of legitimacy
kim, cosby and kim: 2014's greatest fails
police find recorded 'confession' on austin bomber's cellphone
qaddafi asks closest advisers if they think he's a bad person
study: more children growing up in single-parrot households
man humiliated by wi-fi's poor behavior in front of guests
missed connections at a trump rally
31-year-old now the only one of his friends who hasn't gotten married, divorced
death toll in romania fire rises to 41, ex-mayor arrested
wal-mart executives kind of weirded out by town not putting up any resistance to store opening
sweatshirt string emerges triumphant after harrowing journey through hood
top black staffers leave the republican national committee
parents surprised cruel teen daughter hasn't pushed classmate to breaking point yet
sixty seconds of art
why sex that's consensual can still be bad. and why we're not talking about it.
man always three ingredients away from making pancakes
thousands gather to watch losing incumbents marched out of washington
discovery of neolithic gift shop suggests stonehenge always meant as tourist attraction
man raised by wolves worried he's slowly turning into father
why there are tiny holes at the bottom of windows on planes
ecstasy and despair on this historic day
exuberant trump rally crowd bats syrian refugee child around arena before candidate comes on stage
mexico's no. 1 baja beach resort: the villa del palmar, south of loreto
emotional intelligence can boost your career and save your life
baby new year abandoned in street
wedding planner suggests replacing unsightly groom
kim kardashian and the toxic trend of bad celebrity health advice
gary johnson tries, fails to turn his foreign policy ignorance into an asset
luther vandross remembered, if only for one night
a nutritionist's top menu picks from popular american chain restaurants
the beyhive swarms rachael ray, thinking she is rachel roy
the 'bear-naked chef' brings his mouth-watering skills to europe
this job at netflix is an instagrammer's dream
company you've never heard of wants to reward you for your good credit
dad can't believe lawn didn't get him anything for father's day
gov. larry hogan receives blessings from pope francis on behalf of all cancer patients
white guy held accountable for crime
sam bee's team is apologizing to people trump offends. it's harder than they thought.
the supreme court is weighing corporate power yet again
obama up early cooking breakfast in one of michelle's extra long t-shirts
women in business q&a: blair christie, senior vice president and chief marketing officer, cisco
masters in writing fails to create master of writing
woman can't wait to get home and take off uncomfortable persona
how a broken taillight can be a death sentence in america
perverted measles virus exposes itself to playground full of children
fantasy baseball team suffers major setback as owner embarks on weeklong honeymoon without internet access
lie to cover surprise party sounds more fun than surprise party
report: laura's divorce threatens razor-thin democratic majority in family
donald trump invokes michael moore in a grasp for liberal support
trump says there's been no russia contact -- of course, much of what he says is untrue
new york may finally do something about its awful voting process
nation allows itself 5 minutes to believe this all going to be over soon
gop congressman who revived obamacare repeal faces rage at rowdy town hall
focus group reveals: 95 percent of americans would like to go home
being looked at vs. being seen: a look at transparent director silas howard's new documentary film
bask in the glow of adele telling critics to 'suck my dick' mid-concert
box with cooking instructions immediately retrieved from trash
coworker insists on describing entire plot of old spice commercial
willow rented
rash of high-speed chases threatens local fruit stand
are there really two sides when it comes to political violence in the u.s.?
area man croatian?
theater: glorious "spring," sugar "daddy," stingy stein
report finds one in five americans struggle with properly masking depression
every glass in grandmother's cupboard visibly filthy
amanda peet was really excited about her husband's emmy win for 'game of thrones'
illinois' wall of fame: the state's best designations
foster home gets new shipment
first nighter: two gentlemen of veronaon screens big and bold
can mtv go back to the music in an on-demand world?
meat industry introduces new easy-tear perforated beef
master architect constructs most structurally innovative pile of dirty dishes to date
you have no idea what the life of a physical comedian is like
personals ad omits goiter
sunday roundup
israeli government found to be in league with jewry
report: majority of americans stopped paying attention several words ago
chechen infant lulled to sleep by distant rumbling
perfectly good dead body cremated
new gop health care bill is even worse than the first
nation's voyeurs watch women's march on washington from bushes
dorito-factory employee can't get cool-ranch smell out of clothes
kfc introduces new bird-flu dipping vaccine
special ops veteran slips back into family undetected
security guard can't afford to relax for so much as six hours
trump suffering horrible indigestion after eating fresh, well-prepared state dinner meal
man with apple hovering in front of face sues rené magritte's estate
the trailer for netflix's 'the discovery' has jason segel and rooney mara exploring the afterlife
unpatriotic man does not maintain erection during national anthem
angelina jolie refutes vanity fair's portrayal of controversial auditions
historical archives: by many on-lookers and passers-bye, seen to depart out mortal vale in a boothe
study can't confirm results of many psychology experiments
word 'innovate' said 650,000 times at sxsw so far
kit harington walks back comments about male 'sexism'
8 times the internet tried to explain the world with 'pokemon go'
sight of coworkers' stupid fucking faces endured yet again
marketing scientists successfully map the human heartstrings
conclude the nuclear deal with iran: failure is not an option
jill zarin saw ramona singer's divorce 'coming from a mile away'
smithsonian acquires rare photograph where whole family looks really nice
dixie chicks send message of love to orlando victims at new york concert
2-year-old adorably mangles 'the star-spangled banner'
area man has always had soft spot for puck
new anti-drug campaign thinks emojis will finally get teens to listen
ted cruz beats back donald trump in two states, shifting race
despite trump, federal 'tort reform' makes a hasty retreat
chrysler names '83 lebaron ceo
8-year-old palestinian boy pleasantly surprised he hasn't been killed yet
apple recalls thousands of earbuds that unexpectedly bloomed
saturday's powerball lottery jackpot now tops $400 million
zoe saldana brings out tlc for incredible 'no scrubs' performance on 'lip sync battle'
american richard thaler wins nobel economics prize
scott pruitt tosses another pvc tube on campfire
8 awesome (yes, awesome!) things about toddlers
area dad informs busboy he's ready to order
obama honors those who made the ultimate sacrifice on memorial day 2015
you may not have noticed but there were almost no latino films in 2015
u.s., partners secretly agreed to allow iran to evade restrictions in nuclear deal: report
new historical evidence suggests most pilgrims sailed back home to celebrate first thanksgiving
doctors are getting more engaged in the gun violence debate, but it's not rocket science
'what about you, are you on my team?' trump asks george washington portrait
pure silk to stream from cindy crawford's ass
awards given out randomly to skinny blonde women
area man too busy for his buddy phil, eh?
a look at brooke shields' life and career as the star turns 50
the easiest thing you can do for weight loss and longevity
your kids: are they sexy enough?
authorities praise twitter users' rapid response to virginia shooting
daryl dixon's big secret is finally revealed
voice coming from dnc sound system during sanders address clearly hillary clinton's
what the trump team should consider before axing meals on wheels funds
senate candidate takes heat for implying obama supports her opponent because she's black
i know a lot of radical muslims
baseball icon david ortiz slams trump for anti-mexican attacks
why the new york times is naming names in national security stories
couple unable to conceive of child
old friends from high school meet up every year to say names of former classmates
report: average consumer puts blind faith in 87 corporations per day
5 wedding planning realities all brides and grooms should know
the president hits a home run nominating richard verma as u.s. ambassador to india
smooth operator also forklift operator
russell crowe reacts to death of john nash, 'a beautiful mind' mathematician
area man overly proud of never wearing underwear
salvadoran earthquake registers 0.2 on local man's consciousness
congo postpones elections as opposition calls for general strike
target pulls all sponsorship from publicly ignored syrian conflict
hillary clinton and bernie sanders vie for california's support
no, i didn't fall in love with my son the first moment i met him
reflections from ivy day
white house warns syria against launching another chemical weapons attack
how new orleans proved urban-education reform can work
newsrooms make varying calls about airing mcdonald shooting video
skeleton of mayan nerd dug from prehistoric locker
cornel west: obama 'posed as a progressive & turned out to be counterfeit'
'i'll have to obstruct one last thing,' whispers jared kushner before wrapping gloved hands around mueller's neck
mindfulness in your 20s: how to use gratitude as fuel for happiness
publicist's single dream in life for nation to have wes bentley fever
nsa: 'can somebody good at computers help us?'
life unfair
president obama: pretty sure jesus isn't cool with the drones
john ashcroft frolics in secret vault of winnie-the-pooh toys
commerce secretary urges nation to get in on piece of the action
possible ebola case investigated in italy
hubble telescope desperately struggling to contact nasa after witnessing murder on ganymede
atari releases updated adventure video game
area man still talking about crazy productive afternoon 4 months ago
crowd at trump rally realizes they've been chanting 'we are frightened and helpless' for last half hour
huffpollster: california's democratic primary looks closer than ever
woman with sore throat thinks it might be anthrax
opera ends on unexpected high note
hungover man horrified to learn he made dozens of plans last night
bianchi introduces new bike for blocking commuters on subway during rush hour
nation's 30 fraudulent voters march on washington to restore voting rights act
crayola ceo presents jarringly ambitious 5-year plan at annual shareholders meeting
good night's sleep changes nothing
direct marketer offended by term 'junk mail'
majestic sounds of 'goddamn long line' ring across america
the 7-year-old actress in 'the florida project' gives the year's best screen performance
nation to wait for more facts on texas shooting before doing absolutely nothing about it
'i feel your pain,' romney tells campaign rally attendees who make $20 million a year
frank ocean calls rejecting the grammys his 'colin kaepernick moment'
mac's new troll dolls collection is equal parts neon and nostalgia
trump's labor law enforcer freezes worker-friendly reforms made under obama
mom leaves sweet little note for sixth-grader in add prescription bottle
rachael ray snaps chicken's neck live on air
how one man is redefining 'responsible' gun ownership
sports psychologists suggest tiger's slump may be because of all that shit he went through
history will remember transphobic trump and his supporters with contempt
gop senator sorry for joking about mammograms, but still won't cover them
ceiling fan's one burning ambition to come loose and murder everyone in denny's
american medical association introduces new highly effective placebo doctors
woman worried she doing bad job enjoying massage
10 summer vegetarian mains you must make
big checks power jeb bush super pac's unreal money haul
theresa may's political future in danger after stunning election defeat
this police department may ban people arrested for crimes from public areas
going to tops of things still favored by nation's tourists
hip-hop legends salt-n-pepa want more women in rap today
national geographic finally captures rare shot of antelopeater feeding
man arriving late forced to use excuse he was saving for leaving early
how to give your bedroom a polished look
area man unsure whether he's on right bus for most of trip
boy says teacher told him it will be his fault when police shoot him at age 16
apartment manager already knows to look out for tenant sending in minnie mouse checks
8 thrilling books to fill the 'gone girl' void
banks introduce 75-cent surcharge for using word 'bank'
denis leary drops by comedy club to try out new ford commercial
the politics of shame and pride
why being proud of the little things you do will help you in the long run
here's how much betsy devos and her family spent to back the gop senators who confirmed her
u.s. intensifies empty-threat campaign against north korea
millie bobby brown teaches us how to pull off clear-knee mom jeans
dancing 7-year-old looks to expand fan base from parents to parents' friends
'mad men' premiere features group of actors who are scared to death of never making transition to film
housefly drops everything to go stand on watermelon slice
report: sheldon adelson backs trump trip to israel after $100 million pledge
delusional man somehow thinks he's going to get oscar nomination
'lost' possibly still airing in parallel dimension, desperate fans report
milla jovovich inducted into basic cable hall of fame
how to prevail over fear when life goes sideways
trump calls the health care bill he's been praising 'mean'
great conversations: robert evans
children lost and found: the good lie premieres
al gore excited, proud to be at local event
jared kushner excited to finally visit white house after gaining security clearance
trump celebrates national parks — after proposing to slash their funding
trump can't simply delete an islamophobic campaign
the bin ladens: a saudi bellwether
that show about the lady sheriff finally released on dvd
how a man who got his start in construction became the most powerful foreign policy voice in congress
sophie larios' gps guide for a solid night's sleep
area dad looking to get average phone call with adult son down to 47.5 seconds
60-year-old hippie pitied by 40-year-old punk
wedding couple does lightsaber duel instead of first dance
the failure of the iraq war
actress jameela jamil gives men a lesson in how not to be like aziz ansari
30 days of online dating: naughty by nature
correct theory discarded in favor of more exciting theory
shots reported for 2nd day at mississippi military site
ahead of hurricane irma, miami detained homeless people against their will
pence passing time during trump's speech by mentally baptizing senators
coworker obsessively checks e-mail every couple of minutes
bernie sanders praises john mccain: he's 'a no bullsh*t guy'
nypd offering no-questions-asked dvd drop-off
area man boasts 33 percent more self-absorbency
man coasting through life entirely on benefit of doubt
stop the madness
sharon stone auctioned off to german conglomerate
freshman asks new roommate not to hide masturbation from him
family dog ignored for 11th straight year
traveling tips for families with special diet
ups guy hasn't heard a doorbell like that one in a while
resolving to be kind: 10 resolutions for 2015
wow air is offering $69 flights to europe from san francisco, miami and boston
millions of work hours lost to voting
what a hillary clinton nomination means for the glass ceiling (hint: not much)
zaire to take some time off, compose itself
united airlines updates policy on allowing dogfights in passenger cabin
a safe birth for imelda
report: new york state senate leader to be arrested for corruption
out-of-control angel kills dozens of bystanders at vatican air show
report: majority of statements now prefaced by phrase 'in light of recent events'
allowance to teach child importance of parental dependence
joe biden berates white house over 'joke' about john mccain's health
100 million more people will be in poverty by 2030 without action on climate, world bank says
iraq's prime minister unveils plan to trim criticized government
can tai chi and computer games treat your adhd?
barber's paunch keeps touching customer
friday talking points -- don't panic
the powerful reason this woman forgave her sexual abuser
is justin bieber mocking kourtney kardashian's ex scott disick on instagram?
rick santorum asks u.s. populace if he's still running for president
man would rather annoy small group of friends than bunch of strangers at party
these bros wore boob weights in solidarity with well-endowed women
pastor blasts trump's 'shithole' comments in front of mike pence
'jeopardy' had 'game of thrones' categories! now our watch begins!
nissin introduces extra-large drum noodles
senior citizens discuss merits of county-clerk candidates
this is what sikh looks like
'black panther' success will help fund boys & girls clubs' stem centers
the fashion industry's modeling mystery
david valadao tk house race
huckabee sanders cuts loose during correspondents' dinner with raucous, carefree frown
home-schooled student opens fire on breakfast nook
new orleans struck by meteorite
the smithsonian seeks to preserve the gazebo where tamir rice was killed
finding the courage to confront depression
supreme court puts redrawing of texas electoral maps on hold
huffpost rise: what you need to know on may 23
christianity's hijacked brand
combat gear blurs lines between cops and military in ferguson and hawaii
flood of cheap afghan heroin to arrive just in time for recession
sen. jeff merkley stages all-night protest on senate floor against gorsuch nomination
17-year cicadas horrified to learn about 9/11
hillary clinton inspires young girls to form presidential exploratory committees
3 must-have shoes for the office
divorcing parents: 10 questions to ask before fighting over the kids
girl slept with for her sake
these senators somehow trust donald trump with the nuclear codes
changing channel on local bar's tv more of a process than area man anticipated
8 weird sleep positions couples know all too well
susan rice: i didn't do anything 'untoward' with intelligence
abe's visit will remind americans china's power must be checked
new monster energy defibrillator touts 1,200 volts delivered straight to heart
the dangers behind teen texting and driving
museum gift shop openly daring anyone to spend $450 on decorative geode
jennifer aniston takes rare selfie for the best possible reason
what grieving widow needs is a day at the spa
world could face months of chinese market aftershocks
savor the south at one of these summer festivals
back for a second season: hardwired 2.0
spain's state prosecutor calls for charges against catalan leaders
the kurds' bitter defeat in iraq is now everyone's problem
no man in u.s. history has ever done what bill clinton is about to do
little league pitcher totally in awe after giving up grand slam
secret australian government documents found in cabinets from secondhand store
pilot tells passengers he's about to try something
cinzano poster brings touch of class to shithole
majestic pine recruited for yosemite by national park headhunters
photos show the calais 'jungle' going up in flames
capsizing boat passes u.s. in global quality of life rankings
bill de blasio named a new schools chancellor. then the candidate backed out on live tv.
area woman dumped on 15-week anniversary
the obamas wrest presidential portraiture from its traditional (white) trappings
watch: how belgium became a hotbed for terrorism
clinton not expecting to collect white house security deposit
winning dad forces tired child to finish monopoly game
cat turning on the lights is way more fun than a clapper
list of politically achievable reforms down to just three minor changes to traffic code
this pic proves simone biles is a mere mortal after all
the skinny on sleep and your weight
bodies of 6 marines in nepal crash id'd
baylor player has the perfect response to the dumbest question
idf soldier recounts harrowing, heroic war story of killing 8-month-old child
psychic phone service devastates competition by only hiring the best psychics
frustrated nsa now forced to rely on mass surveillance programs that haven't come to light yet
burkina faso, french troops end deadly hotel siege claimed by al qaeda group
'parent trap' producers recall euthanizing lindsay lohan clone after completing filming
the 'rules' i choose to live by
man now too exhausted to repress both anger and sadness
astronomers make incredible discovery
why pediatricians are so upset that trump rescinded daca
preview expiration test 2
'game of thrones' star offers support for creepy lady stoneheart theory
no, women's soccer does not have a domestic violence problem
fifth tool discovered
10 ways to win her back if you're a dude in a rom-com
u.s. economy continues campaigning for barack obama
lone superdelegate voting for martin o'malley feels like total fucking idiot
congressman fucks own wife out of political necessity
sec replay official overturns 'roe v. wade'
market evidently capable of supporting more than one reality show about cake
cyclist suffers terrifying fall at the edge of a sheer cliff
a frequent flighter's tips for drinking wine responsibly
apple loses patent lawsuit to university of wisconsin-madison
man votes early to get week bragging about it out of way
donald trump's weird way of pinning a tweet is freaking people out
brief moment of lucidity called panic attack
understanding today's climate politics
area man guesses he doesn't need mc lyte wikipedia page open anymore
several injured by accidental gunfire at waldorf astoria wedding party
bill nye says empathy is necessary for human survival
thousands of americans to notice first signs of dementia while visiting parents over holiday
akon says his bid to restore puerto rico's power was rejected
the intersection of race, class and the constitution: kalief browder
marco rubio's struggle to be more than a talking point machine
the unwinnable afghanistan war
wedding strains relationship to breaking point
community vastly improved by tv station's caring
'i don't fit into any of corporate america's little boxes,' says single, 18-to-36-year-old hispanic female with brand loyalty to tom's, chobani
your spouse could make you more likely to survive heart surgery
democratic ads highlight trump's horrible comments on women
steven spielberg claims he dislikes black actors to get out of cannes jury duty
new vcr made by communists, grandpa alleges
commence to move forward
hong kong actor wears 'brown face,' highlights prejudice among asians
merrick garland kind of uncomfortable with political analysts casually pointing out he'll die relatively soon after nomination
fans riot in streets as u.s. victorious
aging airliner flies out to sea to die
after brock turner case, this woman wants to tell the world what it costs to survive sexual assault
group cheers after group hears group's name called
local officials grapple with trump's fearmongering on 'sanctuary city' policies
a small senate victory maintains methane regulation
here's all the expensive nonsense trump's epa chief is wasting your taxes on
project 24: a portrait of millennial artist andrew kaminski
justice scalia calls out a colleague for flip-flopping on juvenile justice
man at salad bar has to say every item aloud as he adds it to salad
24 ways working from home will destroy your soul
beauty industry to consumers: 'you like short hair now'
martin luther king bust first thing to go, romney adviser quietly thinking
clint dempsey talks world cup, jurgen klinsmann and the pressures facing team usa
"i woke up like dis": why my disability is the sexiest thing about me
to the parent whose heart is hurting this holiday season
obama debuts annoying catchphrase
the two-for-one move that tones abs and arms at the same time
donors who can't give to christie campaign give to his super pac
brazilian artists pay tribute to olympic refugee team in stunning murals
creationism banned from uk schools
thursday's morning email: va scandal worse than previously thought
more americans concerned illegal immigrants will take their spot on couch
tesla announces major upgrade to original roadster
'i'm not really looking to date right now,' says man, as if he not at mercy of love's powerful, mysterious ways
trump is a crook; house should start impeachment probe
here comes another massive media deal
cat with sunglasses is next-level chill
nair introduces new incendiary oil for controlled burn of bikini zone
this cruise ship from hell will make you wish you'd gone on a road trip
meet the visionary chicago school leader who just won a macarthur 'genius' grant
what this haitian priest can teach the rest of us about faith
donald trump's election could be a windfall for virginia democrats
soldier excited to take over father's old afghanistan patrol route
trinidad and tobago issues commemorative leonardo dicaprio postage stamp
lots of parents know this scenario
u.s. intelligence: burundi may be developing telephone
john deere unveils new line of lawnmower sidecars
new photo shows pluto's 'heart' actually a vast, frozen wasteland
will ferrell breaks into the kardashian house for a good cause
chuck todd's warning to gop
neighbors remember serial killer as serial killer
marco rubio wins puerto rico primary
militia leader sentenced to 6 months' probation for war misdemeanors
trump's anti-muslim order could have 'chilling' effect on science
wendy williams says she's 'sick of this #metoo movement'
no complaints if a remake of 'emma' with jon hamm and emily blunt got thrown our way, nation's girlfriends report
man on rolling swivel chair pushes away from desk like blue angel breaking formation
fucker sure taking long time to download
'fuck you,' obama says in hilarious correspondents' dinner speech
elderly woman relieved to know she's tackled last technological advancement of lifetime
kim kardashian calls out congress for failing to close the 'terror gap'
applebee's steak sent back for not being properly slathered
hillary clinton taps jay z to urge young black americans to vote
clinton assures tim kaine she'll continue serving as president in event of her death
how to stop yelling at your kids
eurostar to start offering direct trips between london and amsterdam
hip-hop man enjoys making musical rapping sounds
tiny horse lives large with labrador pal
gop 'self-deportation' fantasy is alive and well
angela merkel supports partial burka and niqab ban in germany
'downton abbey' season 6 trailer previews an emotional goodbye
rapper coolio charged with felony firearm possession in los angeles
lightning strikes at german music festival injures scores
mom fires back at shamers who criticized her baby's food photo shoot
area dad concerned he's running out of family photos to digitize
no one notices area man's marginal attempts to change
watch fox news personalities slam obama and praise trump over the same thing
visiting friend okay doing whatever
laughter now exclusively used to mask feelings
purple '91 honda accord lovingly dedicated to la raza
when patriotism becomes idolatry
#nevertrump conservative media will have to decide if never means never
how nebraska can return to college football greatness
quiet loner really comes out of shell at gun store
this was my story
not even he can mess this up
ice cube gives fans hope for n.w.a reunion at coachella
permission and prohibition
gop ignores key lesson on race
shooting non-targets
peter dinklage meets the world's worst 'game of thrones' fan in 'saturday night live' promo
u.s. experts expect new north korea missile launch 'within days'
'i love wikileaks!': trump's acceptance of russian help hides in plain sight
selena gomez defends controversial scenes in '13 reasons why'
intergalactic law enforcement officers place energy shackles on hillary clinton
trump's explanation for removing sudan from his travel ban is cringeworthy
tuesday's morning email: 62 days until election day
reproductive health and rights in an age of inequality
purdue university erases video of nsa surveillance speech to obey government censorship rules
woman struggling to contort dreams, ambitions into shape of dental technician
hasbro pledges additional 30 marbles for hippo-hunger relief
area man thanked for playing
breaking: mrs. nichols also daniel's mom
poll: 63% of americans say they have a problem with a mormon president who is also mitt romney
what the new superbug means for the fight against antibiotic resistance
new 'war' enables mankind to resolve disagreements
'six million dollar man' star martin e. brooks dead at age 90
why everyone should be making beer floats this summer
5 first-world problems that annoy people anyway
innovative bottom-up solutions to tackle urban poverty
ashleigh banfield blasts aziz ansari accuser for 'reckless' sexual assault claim
physically fit, emotionally stable kim jong-un addresses un after finally getting nuclear ambitions out of system
low and unrepresentative voter turnout in california
our nation's truckers: are we meeting their pancake needs?
plane delay leaves hundreds whiny
those close to nation say it showed dozens of warning signs leading up to massacre
'minotaurs the new vampires' says publishing executive desperate to find new vampires
parents of girl born without nose tell others not to give up on babies with rare condition
marine hopes to spend second tour of duty on different baghdad city block
how to get that $1,000 embroidered dress you've been seeing for under $100
saturday's morning email: funnies edition
legionnaires' disease kills seven, sickens 86 in new york city
senate rejects pipeline plan that would have created thousands of climate activist jobs
bernie sanders is closer than ever to catching up with hillary clinton
these vertigo-inducing photographs will take your breath away
secret service agent not so secret about being david alan grier fan
'ultra hammer' to revolutionize modern pounding
more than 10,000 migrants rescued from mediterranean in past 2 days
new college freshman refers to dorm by actual name
donald trump thinks north carolina got it wrong on anti-lgbt bathroom bill
expert: connecticut schools should have unarmed guards to prevent shootings
student loans: america's next financial crisis
democrats agree to compromise on superdelegates and other reforms
detectives overlooked casey anthony's 'i killed my daughter' ama on reddit
'seek funding' step added to scientific method
'she loves me' to be the first live streamed broadway show
ed sheeran once got 'hammered' and hit justin bieber in the face with a golf club
jim carrey taunts 'psycho' mike pence with biting new portrait
new poultry stripe gum hardly tastes like goose after chewing for one minute
fcc orders net neutrality to end in april
tea party pacs' promise to spend on electing candidates falls flat
instant gratification sped up
15 shot in chicago on sunday
scott pruitt defends use of 1st armored division for trip to dry-cleaner
using new technology to give voice to the voiceless
nation too sad to fuck even though it's what prince would have wanted
'it continually surprises me': meet the people of kansas city
if holiday stress is a disease, the virus is your expectations
roy moore may have been banned from a mall for harassing teen girls in 1980s
to fathers everywhere: it doesn't take a cape to be a hero to your kids
8-year-old girl dies after drinking boiling water on dare
tom gilbert, actor who portrays tv's regis philbin, to leave 'regis & kelly' show
'active shooter at large,' reports endless background hum of modern american life
all about otters!
local man almost finished collecting fantasy football winnings from 2005
entertainment lawyer 'fighting the good fight'
3 simple tips to practice daily gratitude
this is how to locate lost life insurance policies
first-generation immigrant couple still adjusting to life of being featured in son's standup routines
area dad suffers massive nothing to worry about
chrissy teigen casually pays off woman's beauty school tuition
missing girl's family really hates to part with reward
area man mystified by layout of adjacent town's kroger
here's the new sexy carl's jr. super bowl commercial
robin wright explains why she fought for equal pay for 'house of cards'
parched trump takes quick sip from pudding cup between talking points
texas attorney general's office invents controversy over high school muslim prayers
god shuts down andromeda galaxy
tiny dog suffocates in louis vuitton bag
lebron and friends opened the espys with a speech you need to hear
hundreds in hollywood protest rampant sexual misconduct
leather-jacketed congressman makes up his own rules
what your gums are trying to tell you
new freestyle rap card game is bringing hip-hop culture to your tabletop
solve your problems by not trying to solve them
area dad off to bad start with waitress
buddy sneaks into chest x-ray
kate winslet refused to thank 'nasty' harvey weinstein in 2009 oscar speech
two new documentaries outline the legacies of steven spielberg and alfred hitchcock
breaking: ufos spotted on classy porcelain dinnerware
uninsured rate down way more in states that embraced obamacare
pile of crap excites publicist
unemployed businessman has time for headache
conjoined twin hogging kidney
man announces plan to take out anger on first less powerful person he sees
...see how they run
in 'brave new jersey,' tony hale is a doomsday prepper caught in a rom-com
breaking: waiter picking up napkin with bare hand
when it comes to pregnancy discrimination, equal is not the same as fair
appeals court won't reconsider bob mcdonnell's case
waitress only friendly when bringing the check
judge pumps self up before verdict by listening to andrew w.k.
pour it up! rihanna celebrates grammy win with rumored boyfriend hassan jameel
andy samberg casts a spell over donald trump's 'witch hunt' claims
71 percent of americans approve of clinton's approval rating
gary johnson worried he peaking too early after hitting 9% in polls
chinese bomber flies around spratlys in show of force, u.s. official says
newspaper scraps references to gay man's husband in his mom's obituary
will smith shooting scene witness shocked by alleged shooter cardell hayes' calm behavior
much ado...
michael bloomberg states support for bloomberg politics after report he's soured on star journalists
bush still getting clinton's mail
nutritionists reveal humans with proper diet should not be defecating
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
travel ban is a minor win for trump and a major loss for human rights
5 friendship lessons you learned on the playground
kim kardashian says goodbye to obama with family photo and now we're crying just like north
report: some people wake up when it's still dark outside
ben affleck nominated for best friend of matt damon
highlighting in used copy of plato's republic stops on page 17
nation's women fantasize about some future election that isn't absolutely pivotal to their well-being
adam levine proudly displays his 'baby bump' alongside wife in cute instagram photo
birthday cards from grandma becoming more religious
taylor swift unveils even darker persona with new single 'skullfucking maggot shit boyfriend'
barack obama names alan moore official white house biographer
report: more americans willing to accept female wonder woman
clinton appoints very special cabinet member
public-speaking student to make point of gesturing
mayor hits on crazy idea of developing city's waterfront, green spaces
monday's morning email: what the global cyberattack could mean for you
espn analyst blames 'liberal media' for 'war on football'
freedom caucus closing in on deal to rewrite health care bill at 11th hour
david byrne holds up old suit to show how far he's come in weight loss journey
steve bannon says president cut off obamacare payments to destroy health law
mom's honest post nails the many contradictions of motherhood
kangaroo decides he'll get there faster by just running
kid brings joy to louisiana with sneaky newscast dance moves
embarrassed sony ceo announces new video game system
selfless cop escorts adorable family of ducklings across busy street
the effects of 'western' colonization of india on the lives and future of the women of the indian-subcontinent
my bette midler story
kim cattrall says ellen would make a 'fabulous' samantha in 'sex and the city 3'
circus runaway not looking forward to hometown show
cardi b reveals baby bump on 'saturday night live'
supreme court told to take down tip jar
archaeologists discover world's first guy named marty
senator can't believe he has to come in on a wednesday
everyone should take a lesson from this adorably grateful kid
matt lauer returns to today show following 2-day suspension
america, it's time to rise up to save lives
the perfect break-the-fast dishes for your yom kippur buffet
report: majority of americans experience profound sense of dread when asked to name favorite music
how new york created a 'blueprint' for the world to beat mother-to-baby hiv transmission
computer analyst unable to fashion crude tools, grind wheat
florida teen apologizes for racist promposal sign
celebrity smell-alike sweats just like alec baldwin
'the onion' wins nobel prize
cancer's next big thing -- immunotherapy
even blue ivy joined james corden's 'carpool karaoke' at the grammys
man read somewhere they proved thing he just made up
the 5 things your kids will remember about you
more than 160,000 evacuated from worst-ever floods in malaysia
william baldwin 'wouldn't vote' for trump, but knows why so many others might
new uber update allows users to file lawsuit against company directly in app
these teens wanted a cool work space of their own -- so they built one from scratch
what those racy photos of cowboys' jerry jones represent
friday's morning email: what the senate health care bill could mean for you
chef josé andrés prepares 40,000 thanksgiving meals in puerto rico
nation dreading next 6 months of watching candidates trying to relate to it
report: holy shit, there still 50 minutes left in movie
manhattan da swept harvey weinstein sexual harassment under the rug, report alleges
obama: 'shame on' corporations that blame obamacare for cutting wages
china's aircraft carrier enters south china sea amid renewed tensions
bacon good for you, reports best scientist ever
area man meets that special someone else
boss's clout evaporates after he's seen in shorts at company picnic
local mother clips article about benefits of vitamin e
nutritious lunch brought from home broadcasts middle-aged coworker's recent health scare loud and clear
'broad city' creators take 'accountability' for using 'white dude power' to bolster show
rock and roll hall of fame retires 'd' chord
heritage foundation lowers another retired gop senator into vat of strategists
half-fabricated résumé still unimpressive
woman knew ever since age 40 she didn't want children
teenage girl who survived plane crash walked for days before getting picked up by motorist
nick cannon responds to mariah carey's engagement in the best way
trump team claims pardons aren't a topic at the white house
bus passenger stops trying to enjoy kansas scenery
dan coats lifts junior senator onto his shoulders to give better view of state of the union
villain contends he, hero 'very much alike'
toasting 2017 goodbye with ketogenic kool-aid
marco rubio launches his first presidential television ad
bruce springsteen proves he's 'the boss' by signing boy's tardy note
patty jenkins 'extremely distressed' over brett ratner allegations
how to beat the winter blues, according to top experts
exploring breast cancer in transgender communities
restaurant bartender leaves a single beer out to remember fallen soldier
missing from amazon's search for a second home: the climate effects
man who willingly rented 'wrath of the titans' feels his intelligence has been insulted
kim jong-un's wife on nuclear threats: 'this isn't the man i was forced to marry'
buyer of $450 million da vinci painting sort of assumed it would come with frame
discovering a lost and forgotten early christian 'gospel'
pep talk laced with personal threats
demolishing the 7 myths propping up fossil fuels
pankaj mishra's incredible india
nation's optimists need to shut the fuck up right now
single napkin accompanying takeout order presumes man eats anything like human being
steve bannon slated to speak at black entrepreneurs summit
inept coworker increasingly difficult to fantasize about
obama, rachel goldstein really hitting it off on group trip to israel
hillary clinton starts 2016 better positioned than 2008
neighbors tried to rescue this dog, but he's still suffering
jeff bezos' heart breaks a little reading albany's amazon headquarters pitch
fun fall recipes, from joy bauer (video)
local woman has story about how she got these shoes
relieved malia obama quietly thanks secret service agents for taking rap for her
aides say bannon was not on the record when he issued deafening, atonal howl that caused journalist's skull to explode
detainees sue private prison over forced labor
woman assures friend she has blackouts from drinking all the time
top ten best-selling ebooks -- week of march 21
x's and o's: america's obsession with football at berkeley rep
conversation with boss puts man an hour behind
school teacher not about to risk her life for derek
roy moore on pedophilia accusers: 'these women are only discrediting me now because shifting sociocultural norms have created an environment in which assault allegations are taken seriously'
fear of being alone, ticking biological clock wed in beautiful outdoor ceremony
dollar store has great deal on fig nortons
last remaining novelist dies in captivity
trump unveils exclusive double platinum–level press room for only select few journalists
jimmy kimmel hilariously rebrands hatchimals as 'disappointimals'
ohio moves to ban abortion after 6 weeks of pregnancy
hershey: u.s. income inequality is transforming the chocolate business
this 83-year-old man just starred in his first porn
4 angels banished from heaven for attempting to unionize
restaurant fires pizza-delivery dog
prejudice does not discriminate
hillary clinton to release 2015 tax returns within days, criticizes donald trump
'grey's anatomy' fans launch petition to bring back mcdreamy
george clooney slams donald trump for 'idiotic' comments about mexico
what these celebrities have to say about bullying may not be what you're expecting
microwave-popcorn bag a maze of arrows and instructions
matt damon mans warner brothers booth at college campus's career day
3-foot-tall christmas tree really completes incredibly depressing apartment
barack obama just cracked down on wall street
3 unique and unusual tips to be financially fit in 2015
hacker who stole celebrities' nude photos gets 9 months in prison
stop telling me i am ruining my kids
theater: bradley cooper gets ugly; tr knight gets closeted
michelin introduces tires for women
robert downey jr. volunteers to voice mark zuckerberg's real-life jarvis
the 7 things we will all wear if trump becomes president
frogs in a warming climate pot: let's jump out now before we 'croak'
quaker scientists formulate world's oldest-fashioned oatmeal
john kelly hoses layer of crumbs off president before speech on troop deployment
woody harrelson applies to open a marijuana dispensary
trump's east european achilles heel
former addict celebrates 10th year of mind-numbing boredom
sean bean's role in 'game of thrones' was much bigger than you thought
browns owner haslam mixes republican politics with football
clinton, hagar meet to discuss federal speed-limit issues
scalia bundles up in fur robe in preparation for d.c. blizzard
clinton gets full day's relief with one spray of flonase
cary elwes of 'the princess bride' to join 'stranger things'  season 3
the president wore a tan suit, broke the internet
man, woman experiencing 2 very different sexual tensions
behind the scenes of an intricate fbi sting
cactus scientists recommend drinking 8 cups of water per year
some genius juxtaposing religious iconography and bodily waste yet again
trump doesn't really want you to know that obamacare enrollment just started
the epiphany in all of us
report: still hasn't been long enough to open restaurant called bin laden's
man finally unpauses 'super mario bros.' after 18 years of chores
moronic mailroom worker worked way down from ceo
line to meet sarah palin goes straight through mall fountain
local man's body a really big temple
random online photo leads to navy veteran's rescue from flooded house
ben carson to tell supporters he sees 'no path forward' for campaign
'better homes & gardens' puts first plus-sized succulent on september cover
bernie sanders praises nba for moving all-star game out of north carolina
new social media start-up aims to be cross between facebook and facebook
hope fades for survivors in 1999 turkish earthquake
several injured after vehicle plows into crowd near london mosque
read 'death of a king: the real story of dr. martin luther king jr.'s final year' by tavis smiley
please leave your type a-ness off my yoga mat (and i'll do the same)
hackers crack voting machines within minutes at def con in vegas
toddler figures it about time to shove whole plastic easter egg into mouth
anderson cooper, seth meyers joke they can't help but admire donald trump
eddie redmayne wins best actor at the globes
pence unveils campaign to educate teens about dangers of premarital eye contact
home.  where's that?
montana dems nominate a banjo player for special election -- and he might actually win
this accused 'mainsplainer' is attacked for defending alleged victims
35 things in your home to get rid of right now
ron cephas jones shares exciting details about season 2 of 'this is us'
needle-exchange program attracting 'druggies'
sarah silverman channels joan rivers in heaven
this no-brainer trick chills wine really quickly
mother's day card finally arrives
thirsty mayor drinks town's entire water supply
4-year-old shows new doll the ropes
deadline for prior user to remove clothes from dryer extended 5 minutes
arab countries offer to join airstrikes against isis
bradley cooper looks unrecognizable for new role
chris christie distances himself from struggling trump campaign
disturbance of arafat's grave casts horrible curse on middle east
word 'presumptive' prepares for another 4-year hibernation
5 ways to trick your inner critic
michelle obama tells vogue 'it's time' to leave the white house
first draft of paper inadvertently becomes final draft
pornography-desensitized populace demands new orifice to look at
ozzy wins tickets to ozzfest
ferguson protesters guard stores from looters
turkey pushes farther into syria as monitor says villagers killed
census adds question asking participants to identify any unpatriotic neighbor
police: man killed by officers was holding phone, not gun
huffpollster: electoral college estimates show hillary clinton beating donald trump and ted cruz
'missed connection' ad obviously cheney
archaeologists unearth earliest known shithole located super far from everywhere
yoga, mindfulness and weight management
democratic senators vow transportation bill fight over safety
grin slowly spreads across mom's face as meal revealed to contain healthy ingredients
beyoncé's iconic post-pregnancy dress is unexpectedly from a menswear collection
children are in need of families, and you may be the perfect fit
mary j. blige encourages 'real talk' on new radio show
vice president of making your job harder given raise
nation celebrates awkward 'take your illegitimate daughter to work' day
congress passes 34th short-term funding patch for highways
tsunami death toll rises to 36 americans
hemmed-in seattle mayor calls for emergency deforestation
what i'd really like to tell the 25-year-old fired yelp worker
coffee stain on shirt not as big a deal this morning
facebook is now bigger than the largest country on earth
poll: 80 percent of americans in favor of storming castle, destroying inhuman monster
behold, trump's cabinet members as 'sesame street' characters
how the media devalue women
class clown has nothing on wilmot proviso
area man looking for whatever the hell is beeping
elizabeth warren calls for investigation of ny fed over secret tapes
family has extremely lax standards for who gets to be called aunt
werner herzog: i killed and ate timothy treadwell in 2003
cheney offspring bursts from bush's chest
california shooter killed wife the night before attacking elementary school
leaping shark slams into paddleboarder in florida
voter turnout reaches all-time low of 17
looking for love online? here's the best way to do it
men behaving badly
woman feels like she's finally ready to start receiving unsolicited vulgar messages again
documentary about plymouth rock throws in some world war ii to keep people interested
'donald trump is the 45th president of the united states,' spontaneously reports subconscious during first calm moment of day
what's the matter with dystopia?
google translate update may save you a lot of money
joan rivers died like she lived: shocking people
british empire to be reduced to 8 acres around buckingham palace by 2050
man strains to find personalities in pet fish
man planning to rub up against strangers wondering where train is already
hot wheels roll in from around the world to comfort sick toddler
6 cool things to do in macau
cnn's charlottesville coverage shows its deep bench of pro-trump pundits
perhaps we need corporate 'loyalty oaths'
eric cantor's new job
relationship reaches point where breaking up, getting married would be equally huge hassle
department of interior sets aside 50,000 acres as national wildfire refuge
the 'pitch perfect 3' ladies are #squadgoals at the atlanta falcons game
i am a male babysitter
kesha emotionally admits new album is 'quite literally saving my life'
god names rightful owner of west bank
shy balloon spends entire party floating in back corner of room by itself
e.t. toys forced on uninterested children
actor's parents proud he's playing a doctor
renamed arena will always be verizon wireless amphitheater to locals
why it's taking so long to get more electric cars on the road
benedict cumberbatch prepares for battle in magical new 'doctor strange' trailer
website humiliating itself
are you missing something vital from your growth hacking strategy?
the bachelorette's 'whaboom' guy was the actual worst
establishment-backed moderate wins heated democratic house primary in texas
white house begins christmas season with ceremonial lighting of cross
state's abortion waiting period allows women to explore alternatives to making their own decisions
here's what happens when kids age out of foster care
justin timberlake pulling panicked all-nighter after realizing new album due tomorrow
iraq declares partial law
marqkria lost 260 pounds: 'my motivation came from wanting to take control of my life'
nation's ninetysomethings gear up for last year of their lives
barber not even excited anymore by bringing home free bags of hair at end of day
lunch barely misses area man's vital organs
sepp blatter faces 90-day suspension from fifa
pan left to soak now predates all current roommates
is this donald trump's re-election master plan?
flaws in how we evaluate leaders (from kahneman's thinking, fast and slow)
emotional justice: what black women want and need
these religions were born in the u.s.a.
sean spicer walking around white house in sunglasses and baseball cap to avoid press
hillary clinton is making big promises to ufo believers
police release footage of man who died after being pepper sprayed
who else besides joe biden might crash the debate?
relatives gather from across the country to stare into screens together
glandular problem forces man to eat fifth helping
how to safely thaw a turkey
cassini probe realizes too late this was a setup all along
brad pitt goes completely gray for new movie
new study finds americans need 6 hours of sleep at work
bush spends day feverishly booby-trapping desk
fox news host bret baier admits clinton indictment report was a 'mistake'
judge agrees to hear resentencing motion in gay-bashing case
syrian archbishop on christians threatened by isis: 'we may disappear soon'
new study going to take another week or so, report scientists who look as if they've been crying
this octogenarian took in dozens of abandoned dogs and built them a mini-train
man leaves position he would kill for 3 years from now to pursue dream job
stacy ruiz's gps guide for believing in yourself
large mirror brought out onto oscars stage gets resounding 6-minute standing ovation
oregon church apologizes for banning overweight people from its 'worship team'
syrian rebels, government say new deal in works to secure aleppo evacuation
relationship in exciting early stage where every exchange causes unspeakable anxiety
reading the pictures: about race and those ebola handheld thermometer pictures on western news sites
my husband died, how can i be thankful?
huffpost hill - president impressed his gum keeps its flavor all through the longest day
father-son duo share lessons about balancing life and technology
trusting in grace
the ultimate odessa, texas, road trip playlist
u.s. changes motto to 'america... we're gonna make ya smile'
yankees affiliate: timing of blue lives matter day an 'unfortunate coincidence'
john kelly hoping prejudiced anti-immigrant comments got him back on trump's good side
elizabeth warren: new chat system lets banks avoid regulation with 'a wink and a nod'
todd akin spends whole night wondering what went wrong
shredyourex lets you destroy photos of your ex just in time for valentine's day
parents sit down with child for 'sex, lies, and videotape' talk
dog chastised for acting like dog
twitter unloads on the house gop with #gopsongsaboutethics
'8 on 8' brawl ends in officer shot, suspect killed
man's area code provides exciting glimpse at past life
crocodile hunter the same way in bed
'sense8' trailer previews netflix's most mysterious show yet
report: seasonal depression still better than purchasing tiny sunshine lamp
the 5 steps i took to save my online business
friend dishonorably discharged from navigation duties after missing exit
sitcom on pbs assumed to be intellectual
76ers top lakers for first win of season, snap 28-game skid
steve wynn steps down as rnc finance chair amid sexual harassment allegations
hawaii's politics: surf, aloha aina, and dustin barca
dr. krugman meets dr. fox
marvel reimagines green goblin as left-handed
traffic courts are driving inequality in california
police escape charges in 96 percent of civil rights cases: report
why i couldn't let breastfeeding go
war: the cry of the republicans
area man afraid some woman might come out of the woodwork to hold him accountable for something
man pushing self to point of effort
police move homeless off philadelphia streets before pope's visit
hire of local moron gives nation hope for employment
general mills releases new lucky charms with 15 percent less leprechaun meat
republicans admit tax reform won't benefit all middle-class households
queen elizabeth announces success of monarchy's recent diversity initiative
pope francis washes feet of phillie phanatic
4 money moves that jump-start your way to financial freedom
emergency responders working to dislodge commercial jet from thick, polluted cloud over new delhi
obama still hasn't figured out how to adjust height of oval office desk chair
bouncer moved to tears by tale of friends already in club
apple will turn next iphone into wallet
jennifer lopez comes out with own clothesline line
motivational poster inspires 264 layoffs
'please hold while i send you through to mr. gilmore,' says jim gilmore inside empty campaign office
fat couple's love like a fat flower
92% of area woman's holiday recipes involve pulverizing bag of oreos
bill & melinda gates foundation announces new $17 billion initiative to eradicate all 3rd-world mac users by 2040
white house says it can't pardon steven avery of 'making a murderer'
new arrivals consult wise couple who have been at resort for 3 days already
subscription services provide book and toy options to parents of brown kids
a look behind the bedroom door at what's causing your low libido
first chapter in history of sino-american war of 2011 already written
asian tsunami, hurricane katrina, kashmir earthquake battle for natural disasty award
struggling american airlines to shutter air passenger service to focus on 'american way' magazine
mueller threatened to subpoena trump if lawyers refused sit-down interview
recreational-abortion enthusiasts applaud repeal of partial-birth ban
conductor fatigue blamed in massive model train crash
father teaches son how to shave him
report: friend has been going by middle name this whole fucking time
thursday's morning email: the republican tax plan's last-minute hurdles
not your mother's james baldwin
what you think about, you bring about
millions of plants sent from nation's garden departments to their deaths
medical marijuana patients can't bring up drug's medical use in federal trial
charity exec braves mt. kilimanjaro to rally support for hell's kitchen social services
poll: majority of americans still remember where they were when gandalf fell into abyss
new railway line to be built straight up your ass
from behind the screen, you came so close
house democrat: shutdown would be due to gop taking government 'hostage'
internet collapses under sheer weight of baby pictures
woman launches into 4-minute self-deprecating preamble before speaking mind
robert mueller driving suv 100 mph down runway as air force one narrowly lifts off
'help has to be on the way now,' thinks syrian man currently being gassed
the burden of hate
neil degrasse tyson lets slip that he's been to mars
trump responds to father of killed american soldier, can't name a single sacrifice
ana navarro calls out gop: you'd impeach hillary clinton over this
tempurapedic unveils new line of extra-crispy, deep-fried mattresses
stand up and protect the basic human right to health care
luxury-craving nation confidently squandering income at pre-2008 levels
less pay, more weekend? some americans are ready to say yes
americans say 2-to-1 that we never should have invaded iraq
area man got good amount of meat in that last bite
these 'bachelor' couples are still together
nepal calls: part three
no, outraged liberals, sean spicer should not be fired for hitler comments
obama to cancel debts owed by defrauded for-profit college students
vatican county fair sets record for world's largest communion wafer
ivy-covered home like that on inside too
why emma watson is taking a year off acting
man from chippewa falls, wisconsin hates when people from eagle point claim to be from chippewa falls
dwight howard on helping to empower and educate girls in east africa
vessel for male sexual gratification very sad today
the psychology of color
chris rock calls out the oscars lack of diversity in perfect tweet
comic takes your awful first date to its logically terrifying extreme
dear minnesota football players: stop perpetuating rape culture
abortion buffer-zone ruling in mccullen: the supreme court's facade of unity and the future of abortion rights
ratings low for npr morning zoo crew
study: other countries weird
police officers replace 11-year-old's stolen xbox with a brand-new one
this is how steve urkel happened
huffpost rise: what you need to know on december 21
new vh1 show canceled for not being pathetic enough
30 things about anxiety nobody talks about
7.1 billion demonstrate in favor of global warming
don't get excited about polling numbers for a couple of weeks
these cities are suing the pentagon over 'deadly gaps' in america's gun-check system
homeless man has no idea what to do with visiting parents
9 bad manager mistakes that make good people quit
stepson absolutely nailing jeopardy category about third reich
amanda peet told her daughter sex is 'a special hug'
'that nail polish looks horrible on you' and other words of style advice from my grandmother
the lesson of harvey and irma: an animal's best ally is its community
credit-card metallurgists unveil new 'polonium plus' visa card
trump pours himself glass of chocolate syrup on rocks to unwind after stressful day
trump's daca decision turns its back on our nation's principles
sex scandal sinks klemke reelection bid
family not appreciably enriched by trip to mount rushmore
monarch butterfly makes directorial debut on 'nature' episode
hillary's email, hillary's truth
italy earthquake survivors to live in tents until january, amatrice mayor says
department of interior sets aside 50,000 acres of federal land for anonymous sexual encounters
frolicking deer actually being driven mad by ticks
donald trump's transition gets 'historically low' marks
woman who started sentence with 'oh my god' really needs to stick landing
rosemary kowalski: imagining beauty
stupid magazine ranks some stupid crap
aaa member pulled first from car crash
chimp actor looking to direct
25-year-old goes on raucous immunization binge on night before losing parents' health insurance
how a paragliding accident completely changed this man's perspective on life
j.j. abrams explains how he picked the new 'star wars' character names
'i'm tired of being taxed for being a woman'
commercial blasted for product placement
the final solution: a thanksgiving message (or ain't too proud to hate)
robert kirkman shoots down that huge 'walking dead' fan theory
duchess kate hits scotland in a gorgeous blue coat
washed-up toddler can't point out things like he used to
50 cent ordered to pay additional $2 million in sex tape case
climate change gets its due in the democratic debate
4 ways the state of the union got stronger under obama
area juggler juggles family, juggling
walmart quits selling ar-15s and military-style rifles
elementary schoolers depressed after getting look at voters filing out of gymnasium
mountaintop retreat with maharishi leaves greenspan obsessed with rupee
palm tree in hurricane irma's path ready to bend real good for cameras
new sympathetic alarm clock just lets you sleep
man charged in disappearance of north carolina toddler
lesson for urban cities: how chicagoans stand up for quality schools
man builds house he designed when he was eight years old
huffpost hill - nazis to pound pavement, skulls for trump
jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality
now is the time for resistance and sanctuary in our cities
emboldened republicans in kentucky push 20-week abortion ban
actress misty upham reported missing in washington state
this teacher has watched 3 deadly attacks from inside stuyvesant high school
biggest data leak in history reveals the global reach of dirty money
americans urged to get saving $30,000 out of way before obamacare repealed
kelly clarkson reacts like any mom to news she's getting a vacation
attorney says mississippi cop strangled unarmed black man to death
yep, 'the walking dead' is getting a seventh season
lessons from losing a friend
sex tied to better brain power in older age
biden frantically cleaning up trashed vice president residence at last second
mccain refusing to tell voters what's in box unless elected
a writer's guide to being a writer 6: the influencer - the loudest voice in the room
newlywed couple crash cars into each other in fatal accident
bryan cranston once married a couple flying over the hollywood sign
alarming study finds 60% of americans don't know where their next value meal going to come from
when hiring, what problems should i avoid?
jewel organizes 'save the unicorns' benefit
keebler expands line of residence-themed crackers
art-house summer films not to be missed
new hallmark line addresses israeli-palestinian conflict
text message a bit curt
7 infections athletes could get from rio's contaminated waters
defending journalism in the age of trump
all black athletes should be sitting for the national anthem
watch college students surprise beloved cafe worker with a dream trip to disney
local youth to insert coin
trump uses daca setback to launch new attack on court system
pope francis warns of 'dangerous' alliance between u.s. and russia
person one season ahead in tv show doling out counsel like wise elder
astronomers say wednesday night will be best chance for americans to view 'novλ'
takeout burrito shielded from cold as though it were week-old newborn
cereal commercial completely neglects showing numerous life problems character faces beyond breakfast
microsoft and amazon have a plan for driverless cars
thinking more broadly about mothering this mother's day
8th grader impregnated during trip to 'march for life' event
why female police officers are increasingly speaking up about pregnancy discrimination
police fatally shoot black man in san diego suburb, sparking protests
culinary world stunned as horse meat found at 3-star michelin restaurant the horse & pony
celebrity collector: alison sweeney
stunted 56-year-old still writing chuck palahniuk novels
rnc troubled by steve wynn sexual assault allegations, plans to keep his money anyway
arby's ceo arrested with trunk full of stolen horsey sauce
obama accidentally seated next to taliban leader at tense white house state dinner
trevor noah issues warning about donald trump's apparent flip on gun control
ari fleischer replaced by toby keith
trump's usda pick with ties to russia investigation withdraws nomination
paul ryan sitting among undecided voters at town hall debate
john kasich admits he's against d.c. statehood because it would give democrats more votes
the peshawar tragedy shows that pakistan needs a new religious narrative
personal philosophy stolen from martin luther king jr.
paul ryan's war on social security
stylin' with pete king or how to dress for a world in crisis
man flirting with girl at party can't wait to be informed she has boyfriend
the 10 most crushworthy leading women in ya
taylor swift's cover of an earth, wind & fire classic is pissing people off
man wearing low-cut swimsuit as though public pool a sun-kissed sardinian cove
lab partner wants to be sex partner
sasha obama orders secret service agent to stop squirming during makeover
naked man mingles freely in locker room
cd club somehow tracks down local woman
here are your 2017 emmy award winners
does a reasonable worker lactate?
bird's nest 65 percent cigarette butts
i'm a nightmare ex-girlfriend — and i'm cool with that
man only buys products made right here in the usa by cheap immigrant labor
health reform at the crossroads: progress or peril?
47 weak-willed senators bend to interests of powerful american people
want to challenge trump on immigration? try a strategy from the antebellum south
how to read a bad book by a great author
house democrats show solidarity with 'day without a woman' strike
u.s. service member dies following explosion in northern syria
cops write super-friendly letter to wanted woman
scientists reveal secret to boosting your metabolism during sleep
american media reports news other than zoo's escaped cobra as if anything else really matters
giant bass hates having picture taken
bp ready to resume oil spilling
china's largest freshwater lake is shrinking
sienna miller finds the fake 'american sniper' baby just as humorous as the rest of us
educating for democracy: 'the numbers game'
dear new mama: you can do this
paleontology class winces whenever fundamentalist kid raises hand
intelligence officials can't say how many americans they spy on
boyfriend ceremoniously dumped
study finds exposure to violent children causes increased aggression in video game characters
coachella-goers freak out after headliner beyoncé announces she's pregnant with twins
man with new 40-disc cd changer needs 18 more cds
white liberals celebrating tomi lahren's daily show interview are missing the point
kenyan newspaper editor questioned, released over source
nation demands nasa stop holding press conferences until they discover some little alien guys
sleepy baby elephant picks one awful napping spot
5 things everyone gets wrong about napping
man has never given single definitive yes to any invitation he's ever received
the ultimate houston, texas, road trip playlist
bernie sanders' our revolution gets behind tom perriello in virginia gubernatorial race
is toxic algae good for you?
report: human bones found on remote pacific island most likely remains of those eaten by amelia earhart
some stupid thing making the rounds among your facebook friends today
united airlines skips senate deadline to explain passenger-dragging incident
wal-mart announces plan to slash customers' throats
charlton heston's gun taken from his cold, dead hands
trump administration paves way for states to force medicaid recipients to work
5 ways to really help a divorcing friend
chrissy teigen knows what we want, keeps giving it to us
family upgrades to shells & cheese
greg behrendt releases new book for children: your parents aren't that into you
activist l.a. priest preaches religion of acceptance
parents reminisce to children about dating algorithm that brought them together
al-qaeda member wistfully recalls time when radicalization done face-to-face rather than online
majority of americans want congress to move on from health care reform
gary busey nearly drowns recovering pork chop from swimming pool
area man hurt
swiping right on a hottie? hold on a second
birthplace of president carter accidentally visited
celebrities are urging australians to vote 'yes' on same-sex marriage
the weaker becomes the stronger
kushner: 'i did not collude, but i pretty much have to say that, right?'
white house adds eight inches to white house fence
china tightens control over hong kong on 20th anniversary of takeover
epa chief scott pruitt avoids ordinary citizens on first trip to oil-rich north dakota
report: average american walks less than one mile each year with pants around ankles
too big to nail?
department of interior asks for resignation of obama-era elk
this is so much cooler than your boring black ponytail holder
heroic pit bull journeys 2,000 miles to attack owner
the other rev. king: a word from mississippi
trump keeps citing a paris agreement study that seriously misses the point
metlife, goodyear tragically merge
there, like, 6 cop cars outside
there was only one thing this driver could do to avoid a head-on crash
macklemore to fans: use music to resist trump
goody introduces new line of governess hairbrushes for raking across the scalps of insolent little girls
american dental association recommends teeth
anonymous source: 'i'm a cowardly snitch'
what future for iraq? interreligious debates at the sant'egidio meeting
'grand theft auto v' missions to focus largely on tutoring, community outreach
j.j. abrams admits 'alias' execs doubted jennifer garner's hotness
this is what happens when the pavement is too hot for your dog
'nothing ordinary' about multinational chain of pepsico-owned, mexican-themed fast food outlets
biden's handlers suggesting he forget the words 'pink' and 'stink' altogether
afghan boy who made a lionel messi jersey from a plastic bag finally meets his hero
everyone in motorcycle gang jewish
texas now regretting wasting doses of pancuronium bromide on innocent guys back in 1997, 2000, 2004
17 tweets about the horrifying reality of accidentally sending a sext
report: 80% of queen's 'greatest hits' cds lodged in center console of first car
superhero never around when mild-mannered journalist david brooks is
same jumbotron used for marriage proposal used to ask for divorce
listen to the spoof of ben carson's hip-hop radio ad
what the house gop isn't telling you about their obamacare repeal bill
director alexia kosmider talks new documentary transjourney (audio)
why congress matters: lessons from ray rice and the vawa anniversary
trump's budget:  a blow to our communities and to our latin american neighbors
nation can't wait to wake up and start eating again
the 9 amazing spring cleaning tips all dog owners should know
man falls asleep at intersection. what cops say happens next is pure florida
taraji p. henson announces memoir 'around the way girl'
this black woman is turning the white investing world on its head
report finds koch brothers increasingly falling under control of influential, high-powered trillionaire
more employers may be using temps to skirt immigration laws
one of those fucking people wins new hampshire primary
the wealthiest have a private tax system that saves them billions
enterprising child saves $54 to buy barrel of oil
woman assures you she's not mad
taxi driver just taking his time as if man not late for color me mine pottery party
worst person woman knows pregnant
goddamn ficus plant should come with instructions
lockheed martin sales staff instructed to really push tactical air-to-surface missiles this week
young girl provides home for stray bullet
commercial actor informed he doesn't have that prego tomato sauce look
embarrassing bounced check from greece taped up in imf headquarters
student reporter hits it out of the park with 5 accurate sentences
reuters journalist leaves iraq after being threatened over story
lyndon johnson jr. sworn in as george editor
new pompous asshole magazine to compete with cigar aficionado
petting-zoo goats swarm horrified 4-year-old
date invites woman upstairs to check out red flags
7 awesome pot pie recipes you need to make now
drunk driver falls asleep on busy highway: cops
the fbi just blasted reporting on the san bernardino killings
woman wonders whatever happened to those rainforests she gave $5 to save that one time
audience at press conference relieved to hear steps will be taken
apparently reese witherspoon likes j.crew as much as we do
shit, guy in front of you ordering for entire construction crew
40-year-old has spiky hair
how close we are to a 3-d-printed human heart
beyonce steps out in yet another affordable look
is it easier to be a sahm or a working mother?
nurses ignore hospital regulations to grant dying man his final wish
how to survive the senior year stressfest
new ups extended-tracking numbers give customers updates on delivery driver's location for years after package drop-off
castro leaves hospital two years younger, four inches taller
sympathy card signed by assistant
congress splits into male and female senators to discuss newest reproductive bill
company to get head start on christmas layoffs this year
mr. fuji, iconic pro wrestler and manager, dead at 82
how the iran nuclear deal came to be
woman hopes husband doesn't notice she lost wedding ring finger over weekend
an important reminder that the pay gap is not just a 'women's issue'
fbi probes hackers targeting democratic officials' phones
30th anniversary of 1973 commemorated
huffpost rise: october 30th
wedding dj finally gets the chance to listen to some black eyed peas on his own time
watch the weeknd's explicit 'fifty shades of grey' video
the royal family is ready for your awkward office holiday party
nasa calls it a mission as curiosity rover fills up whole 2-gigabyte memory card
report: u.s. children lead world in hand-mouth coordination
ice cube takes down donald trump in 1 devastating tweet
dea seizes half-built suspension bridge from bogotá to miami
want to make your spring cleaning more green? look for these labels
why one biologist doesn't believe the g-spot is a myth
is jeb's mulligan on iraq convincing or a tar baby he can't escape?
economy of vacation town apparently entirely run by overwhelmed high schoolers
'the daily show' searches for a 'real, non-douchey' hoverboard
art world relieved as thieves steal pretty terrible late period renoir work
desperate fossil fuel interests seek to undermine clean energy choices in communities of color
kylie jenner snaps a bikini selfie
salad rendered unhealthy in three steps
7 things you should know if you love someone who gets migraines
pulse nightclub shooter's father revealed as former fbi informant
5-year-old at underfunded kindergarten enjoying last few weeks before achievement gap kicks in
3 dozen chemical, emotional responses activated by phrase 'pigs in a blanket'
poll finds 30% of americans still undecided whether to vote out of fear or spite
a love letter to the nurses who take care of moms after giving birth
sasha obama suspicious after doing a little digging around on benghazi
woman injured in hostile makeover
veteran employment is our #1 priority
romney comes clean, admits he made $32 trillion in 2006
why this father feeds his son freakish fruit and vegetables
rnc attendee excited to find out what he'll get to boo tonight
christmas pageant enters pre-production
returning parents can tell son had huge house fire over weekend
second-semester fling leads to first-trimester abortion
juror way too far into trial to ask what 'contusions' are now
gop announces plan to go after obamacare
jessica simpson reveals slimmer figure after chopping off limbs
polar bear cub sleeps and dreams with cuddly toy in adorable clip
it's time to tell the truth about motherhood
while most small towns languish, some flourish
teen newsweek reports north korea is the bomb
no one able to tell clam just had stroke
2014: year of the funny women -- record 60 women get last laugh at ny comedy festival
bachmann says unexplained blackouts from which she wakes up covered in blood won't affect ability to lead
mildfires amble through california
florida state university suspends greek life after student's death
all 5 living former u.s. presidents to attend hurricane relief concert
in memoriam: robin thicke's career
humanizing detail tacked onto end of new board member's bio
poor people's campaign is the angry response to inequality america needs
7 genius napping inventions to get you through monday
protecting our children when contending with threats of violence
the middle class is so christmas past
bill cosby mug shot released
historians still unable to determine how americans were able to build hoover dam
archaeologists: egyptian pyramids actually early attempt at camping
secretary of agriculture finally gets around to reading fast food nation
steve bannon suggests donald trump met with russians after don jr. did
independent spirit award nominee andrea suarez paz: "i hope to play something impossible"
judge totally understands where defendant is coming from
trump's travel ban does nothing to stop the most deadly form of terror in the u.s.
david axelrod suggests hillary clinton will be seen as less complex alternative to obama
ice cube is co-writing, starring in a genre-crossing 'oliver twist' musical
family business
this year's flu season looks like a bad one — and it could be coming early
5 financial wake-up calls -- and what you can learn from them
university of kansas plans to create meditation room
global artists come together for anti-trump track celebrating queer love
two more shipwrecks off libyan coast kill at least 239 migrants, u.n. says
your heart is probably older than you think, cdc warns
tour guide always builds in 10 minutes for everyone in group to mount cannon like horse
three months of fighting in libya's benghazi kills 600, say medics
coworker almost got that exact same thing when he ate there
samantha bee's spectacular takedown of trolls who went after seattle councilwomen
man crushed by lack of filth on q-tip pulled from ear
trump supporter still planning on rioting at national convention anyway
great-grandmother actually not that great
my time as a philly juror
five minutes of watching indian channel leads to five hours of watching indian channel
hair carefully disheveled in 20-minute ritual
new study finds link between cancer, reading text on computer screen
an iceberg the size of rome may have killed 150,000 penguins (update)
gop official says 'no offense' after suggesting women should be paid less
digital trust foundation seeking proposals on digital abuse programs
after criticism, uber adds wheelchair option in d.c.
'just another lingering flu' by dr. david lourea (excerpt)
7 clever ways to corral your cords and wires
'why did you have to wait until i resigned to let me know you appreciated me?'
cheering gets slightly less loud after obama's call for community service
bar owner considering sept. 11 options
4 personal tips to set up for sleep success
area cat allergic to kevin strenlow dander
7 diy beauty hacks using pantry staples
area man to start curling his 2s
we reached out to other clients of louis c.k.'s manager and got radio silence
johns hopkins doctors perform first successful surgery on broken thumb
report: supplying police with high-powered military weapons to sharply reduce costs of shooting suspects multiple times
toddler just looking for sensible mid-range tricycle
bloody, detached hand of bears' player still in julius peppers' facemask
bill clinton takes his time getting on air force one -- and president obama is not having it
10 tips for balancing work and home
how to make greek easter sweet bread "tsoureki"
man who cut off seymour hersh in traffic subject of 20-page 'new yorker' exposé
chechen strongman issues instagram plea to find his missing cat
report: nothing wrong with a good old-fashioned ham and cheese sandwich
75% of party trolley defaulting on student loans
to the mother that told her son this...
religious leaders condemn hateful, trump-inspired vandalism at 2 churches
resolute congress passes second amendment again
crossing the finish line for kids with cardiomyopathy
man treats mother to detail about his personal life
new stamp honors 41-cent stamp
these young greeks want to change their country
7 steps to living an organic lifestyle
dickipedia: founder of bikram yoga
quiet guy mistaken for nice guy
an exile artist from iraq paints herself into ancient illustrated manuscripts
drunk pilot going to pull over onto cloud until he sobers up a little
nestle to switch to cage-free eggs in u.s. by 2020
the plot to put amateurism and the ncaa in the past
oh, no!!! watch mr. bill, gumby and pokey get buried in blizzard time lapse
ovarian cancer gets publicist
earthquakes literally broke hearts in new zealand
dead ipod remembered as expensive
china on track to develop indian railways as xi heads to south asia
college rape victim pretty thrilled she gets to recount assault to faculty committee
birthday card for david axelrod circling around afghan war meeting
paddlers find dead dog tied to shovel stuck underwater
toward a fairer admissions process
equifax impressed by hackers' ability to ruin people's finances more efficiently than company can
stress can cancel out the benefits of 'healthy' fat
brandon grant, vice president of impulse group, shares what pride means to him
video shows london marathoner helping fellow runner over finish line
how to make pumpkin treats for your dog
coal now too expensive to put in christmas stockings
ryan to unveil policy agenda, starting with anti-poverty initiative
parkland survivor: 'i've never been so unimpressed by a person' after trump call
elon musk is ready to conquer mars
masterchef recap: you're prawns are raw in 'top ten compete'
area man feels even lazier when he thinks about how much isis has accomplished this year
why model carmen carrera doesn't always want to be considered trans
donald trump responds to alicia machado by bragging he saved her job
restaurant reacts perfectly to diners who were rude to employee with autism
area man's opinion hasn't been taken seriously by anyone in over a decade
pope accepts senior analyst position at catholic think tank
tracee ellis ross looks like an angel in this playfully sheer gown
obama scrambling around white house kitchen before state dinner
u.s. army deserter bowe bergdahl faces life in prison as sentencing hearing begins
amy schumer plays a revealing game of 'would you rather'
deceptively simple resolutions that actually work
town hall attendees still standing patiently waiting for their questions to be answered
domhnall gleeson, that 'nasty piece of work' general hux, is one of today's brightest actors
mom-to-be breaks big news to husband with airplane pilot's help
gabby giffords endorses hillary clinton for president
hippocratic oath under review by hmo board
why the new hollywood will never live up to old hollywood
trump at your (thanksgiving) table
13 lovely real wedding photos that will ease your case of the mondays
football team gives cheerleader with cancer a colorful surprise
sonoma's wackiest wineries
why colin quinn turned down an 'infuriating' part on 'law & order'
god wedges another cherub beneath leg to level wobbly throne
hugh hefner will be laid to rest beside playboy's first cover girl marilyn monroe
lindsey graham can't believe he left cd with campaign song at red roof inn
not snowing over here, man on phone reports
here's every easter egg you missed in 'guardians of the galaxy'
punk legend gives 'nazi punks f**k off' an update just for donald trump
read the latest updates on the senate health care vote
leslie jones website hack under investigation by department of homeland security
movie works out exactly as audience hoped
9-pound infant barrels way down birth canal
officers fired excessive number of shots at bank robbers: report
hillary clinton: 'when i was a child, most special interest groups wouldn't even consider donating large sums of money to a woman'
man always carries gun in case he needs to escalate situation
listen to this 911 call and decide for yourself if turkeys have declared war
ice machine reaches deep within itself to give man one more cube
obama wishes george h.w. bush a 'speedy recovery' after fall
compliment suspiciously vague
vending machine most up-to-date technology in school
nabisco introduces x-treme salt-assault saltines
tenants forced to clean apartment before telling landlord about mice
storybook romance leads to in-flight-magazine marriage
trump 'office' parody is a glimpse at the buffoonery we have in store
nra calls for more common-sense gun deaths
late-arriving guest encouraged to load up on food sitting in sun for past 4 hours
mike pence may have won the debate, but lost points with donald trump
the selfie girls everyone mocked use their fame for good
kansas bans poor people from spending welfare on cruise ships
banyan's breakfast smoothie
disappointing prince vaults found to contain 37,000 hours of billy joel covers
if ya can't beat 'em, screw 'em: north carolina governor signs bills gutting successor's power
backpacker planning to shatter europeans' preconceptions of americans
auction won by crab with $20 stuck in claw
how fico's new credit score will impact consumers
warm weather finally allows man to get outside, explore new ways to sweat
the vietnam war is not history for victims of agent orange
mysterious necrotic skin disease continues to eat away at baby's face weeks after being kissed by ted cruz
as socialism destroys venezuela, only its people, not u.s. military, can restore democracy
technology unfortunately allows distant friends to reconnect
'got' season finale hints at appearance of that one big character
vast array of lip-balm options paralyzes shopper
health care coverage is not enough. we need delivery system reform.
koch brothers encouraging youth to make voices heard by registering super pac
dear graduates, put your online superpowers to work
hillary clinton bounces back in new hampshire
hillary clinton on las vegas shooting: 'we must stand up to the nra'
kroger recalls 35,000 pounds of ground beef that may contain ceo
alabama forced to release thousands of sex offenders after inmates deny charges
how to survive in a conspiracy theorist's world
grown man enjoys duping children
news photographer found slain in mexico city
trump is the 'embodiment of everything republicans were trying to exorcise'
wisdom from a veteran advisor in family business
these hilarious 'hacks' for organizing your kid's bookshelf are spot-on
architect presents obama with generic options for war memorial that could work for syria, libya, yemen
this doll aims to empower kids with albinism and dispel harmful myths
anthony weiner sends apology sext to entire clinton campaign
hundreds of thousands on precipice of losing everything, yet no one seems to care?
northeast storm leaves at least 9 dead, more than 1.5 million without power
fed-up employee just about 14 years away from walking out door
new x-men film features bryan singer traveling back in time to molest younger self
from birth control to culturally competent care, affordable care act breaks down health care barriers
area ceo likes to think of family as small, close-knit business
discouraged bush begins seeking approval of other nations
man wishes live nation would email him whenever any band playing anywhere
uber rides don't get any more awkward than this
sandra bland swallowed or smoked 'large quantity of marijuana' in jail: da
'girls' producer: people are 'afraid' of lena dunham 'telling the truth'
keegan-michael key on what everyone gets wrong about detroit
indiana governor insists new law has nothing to do with thing it explicitly intended to do
10 resolutions every woman should make in 2017
donald trump appoints rick santorum to catholic advisory committee
dogs, humans, and the oxytocin-mediated strong social bond
terrible idea committed to paper
white house: government shutdown possible if democrats keep hurting trump's feelings
bernie sanders stresses 'common good' in vatican attack on capitalism
scientists warn all plant life dying within 30-yard radius of ted cruz campaign signs
man prefers comic books that don't insert politics into stories about government-engineered agents of war
historical archives: owls deemed arse-holes
racehorse unaware it just cost some kid new braces
guidebook writer stumbles upon new england town too quaint for human eyes
the effects of delaying puberty for trans youth
we now have even more proof that coffee cravings are genetic
mark halperin says he is 'profoundly sorry' after sexual harassment allegations
ford unveils new sport-futility vehicle
the #nevertrump movement could have a big day in wisconsin
how judith light is fighting ageism
fda calls concrete breast implants 'architecturally sound'
mother considers son 'quite the little casanova'
usher and harry belafonte talk activism in joint appearance
evening's events immediately recapped with digital-camera slide show
historical archives: amazing publick spectacle!
agents of change: 5 inspiring men worthy of your attention right now
hopper from 'stranger things' wore a holiday sweater and became a meme
nra starts up their shit about what would be even greater injustice
top 3 reasons why 400 ppm co2 is/is not the end of the world, or how i learned to stop worrying and love air conditioning. part 1: the numbers
swimsuit skirt conceals hideous thigh region
11 tips for new parents flying with their children for the first time
soaring with the washington ballet's noche de pasión: the tango soirée
dear 2017
even chrissy teigen has a legendary bill murray story
the story of sheldon adelson's purchase of a las vegas paper is even crazier than you think
jenna fischer reveals what pam told michael during his 'office' goodbye episode
report: fuck guy in kayak
garner's death is a call to action
grandmother will live on in arguments over her wedding china
cool mccain supporter wears 'mccain 2000' shirt to campaign speech
beijing air solidifies
plo claims responsibility for bombing of krippendorf's tribe
jeff bezos gets rave reviews from washington post veteran
here are the americans who believe in the miracle of donald trump
beyonce's out there making corset pants happen
romney, rubio and many others have called trump a 'con man,' but millions of voters are nonetheless lining up behind trump
gummy bears send 14 chicago-area high school students to hospital
excited african safari tourists quietly marvel as poacher stalks prey
lil jon had to tell trump why calling him an 'uncle tom' was not ok
14-year-old collapses under weight of corporate logos
'the bachelor' season would be way shorter if this sexist pig were the lead
study: majority of frontal lobe occupied by thoughts of sausage links
area ceo doesn't have time for this shit
really-loud-whistle guy takes every opportunity to whistle loudly
40 years on the fence
chris christie: trump's waffling on his signature issue shows he's presidential
this adulting thing is hard
where bernie sanders' health care crusade might go from here
nabisco discontinues wheat thicks
decision to ask out girl made using 10-sided die
used-bookstore owner rises from chair
family moves elderly aunt into subconscious
kiss cover band guitarist leaves to start vinnie vincent invasion tribute band
tomi lahren's show reportedly suspended from theblaze after pro-choice remarks
blocking the courts: the trump triple threat
stephen colbert happily takes trump's challenge to 'say it to my face'
how to hack your new year's resolution for success
frito-lay contest offers consumers chance to appear in upcoming bag of sunchips
half of all american families are staring at financial catastrophe
john boehner calls for national guard to deal with illegal immigrants hiding in mexico
bosnian gum company introduces new war-flavored gum
indiana jones leads cops on 100 mph chase
why i don't want my kids to be happy
proof you shouldn't blame teachers for the achievement gap
don't expect to see kim kardashian give birth on tv again
5 things to watch for in tonight's gop debate
head of trump 'election integrity' probe pens wildly misleading op-ed about voter fraud
painful boil still too unformed to lance
khalid sheikh mohammed confesses to confessing under torture
lebron james hits the nba's third game-winner in 3 days
the problem with calling women 'females'
hobby lobby to improve work performance through biblical punishments
voters face some confusion at polls in alabama special election
husband calls for greater separation of church and mate
report: crooked border guards planting illegal immigrants in cars
2015's first year-end music mashup is incredible
watch: what it's like to identify as asexual
nasa, jesus & templeton?
young afghans returning from europe face isolation and fear back home
report: buddy dysmorphia sufferers experience skewed, negative perception of shape of friends
meryl streep and mark ruffalo sitting in a tree ...
27 perfect tweets about 'the bachelorette' season 13, episode 6
millions of kids could be at risk because of this deadly dresser
3 questions every company should be asking before making a new hire
schnauzers rioting outside madison square garden following westminster dog show defeat
hardened snacker keeps trying to rediscover that first mind-blowing nacho cheese high
skydivers perfectly land slip 'n slide from 5,000 feet
report: 40,000 people died on ferris wheels this summer
man hates it when other guys treat his girlfriend with respect
area father takes one more look at liner notes of daughter's britney spears album
larry kramer's the normal heart bleeds for all of us (well, not quite all)
greece and europe on the edge
helpful museum map highlights exhibits visitors don't have to feel too bad about skipping
rice krispie treat eaten in 8" x 8" square
now is the time for blame: alan kurdi and the myth of a 'generous' canada
3 reasons you picked the wrong doctor
how our connectivity is influencing our real-life connections
determined circle of friends diligently traces back how they got onto this conversation topic
dems discuss dropping wasserman schultz
area man thinks he was fired because of recession
wealthiest americans ominously remind nation they could easily drop another $10 billion on election
lindsey graham booed at town hall for supporting neil gorsuch
mitch mcconnell rules out 'lame duck' action on supreme court
report: 50% of heaven's population just assholes who begged for forgiveness at last second
holiday dinner wines for any budget from a nw resort sommelier
neighborhood has gotten a lot safer since mayor vanquished fire troll
trump will nominate 'torture memo' lawyer to transportation post
trump holds third real press conference
those we lost in 2011
the darkness that will outlast donald trump
indian country all too familiar with rachel dolezals of the world
u.s. cities aren't ready to fend off the next flint
full summer of tending backyard garden produces single edible cherry tomato
entertainment writer has knack for making complex pop culture concepts accessible to lay readers
ferguson's easy answers
npr host raises voice
white house official gives lip service to puerto rican debt relief but offers no new deal
government shuts down as congress fails to reach spending agreement
paula poundstone still famous
'crisis actor' alex jones gets a taste of his own medicine in brilliant troll
samsung will give iphone owners a new galaxy phone to try for $1
7 ways to learn from the things you're bad at
half of nation outraged at new, not-yet-released michael moore film
buying everything hairstylist recommends would cost $8,000
area man needs two more trips to best buy to beat xbox 360 game
activist wet-t-shirt judge votes for girlfriend
'chaotic' planets make the search for e.t. more complicated
nation's loyalists compete in annual nigel's bangers and mash eating contest
republicans are shocked (!) that they've nominated an ignorant boor
jeb bush bungles several questions on first day back at home
nothing going right for area surgeon today
the united base of america
police arrest two men in brazil gang-rape case
un: civilians are being killed, wounded in record numbers in afghanistan
laura jane grace talks with fan about transphobic assault in the punk community
area man's life comes to tragic middle
let us not celebrate a fifth anniversary of the syrian conflict
huffpollster: voters dump marco rubio for ted cruz
gop leaders say they're not giving up on repeal vote this week
barron trump sprints off convention stage in tears after missing note during clarinet solo performance
australia is responsible for immigrant children suffering in detention, un investigator says
local homemaker fights to overcome rubbermaid addiction
family spends relaxing weekend destroying outdoors
'the walking dead' set to 'another one bites the dust' makes perfect sense
little boy gives himself epic pep talk before jumping into a pool
shit parking ticket fuck
christ to wed longtime backup singer
chelsea clinton stops by aclu event to tell america she's not giving up
seemingly shy woman really just stuck-up, friends say
jazz jennings has a message – and a mission
'entourage' fans doubt film adaptation can capture nuances of book
paul simon might be done with music
eric cantor pressuring wife to try new political position
god refuses to grant any more transcendent near-death experiences to people who crash snowmobiles
report: 45% of all randomly paired freshman roommates now at breaking point
more than 100,000 california teenagers are now preregistered to vote
furloughed bison pour back into national parks after government reopens
paying organ donors for travel, recovery could enable more low-income people to save lives
renée zellweger no longer renée zellweger type
child buried in backyard under popsicle-stick cross
ex-sniper shot dead after surviving years in harrowing united states
united nations panel assails trump's refusal to explicitly condemn neo-nazis
the way to san jose - things to do
illiterate spirit frustrates ouija- board players
missouri attorney general finds no evidence planned parenthood mishandled fetal tissue
ashton kutcher and james corden give dads the anthem they deserve
the best food processors, according to amazon reviewers
jimmy fallon will host the 2017 golden globes
north korea revamps, restarts nuclear bomb fuel production plants
martha the mastiff, 'world's ugliest dog,' is droopy, gassy and gorgeous
justin trudeau unveils plan to meet healthcare needs of canada's aging prog rockers
the best flatirons for every price point
the dangerous belief that extreme technology will fix climate change
religious freedom in practicing the platinum rule
government official who makes perfectly valid, well-reasoned point against israel forced to resign
nation's moms dance nude around moonlit bonfire to conjure spirit of emma thompson
a piece of paper is controlling my students' lives
man really letting no one have it during exit interview
gas station clerk glad to see pump 2 doing so well today
this woman thrives by helping others
haim is back with new song and video shot by paul thomas anderson
adult bookstore to enhance shopping experience with café
study: 82 percent of americans want to run over nathan lane with a tractor
thousands dead in indonesia again
disgraced former detroit mayor says michigan lawmakers have long known about flint water crisis
delighting in criticism
joy behar publicly apologizes for disparaging mike pence's christian faith
how would you redefine study abroad?
an apology expert analyzes the explanation for melania trump's plagiarism
divorced father buys string cheese to make coming to his place fun
report: of course that guy on college's alumni committee now
seaworld debuts new controversial orca whale burlesque show
new envelope pushes envelope envelope
the ebola fighters 'time' forgot
jogger horrified by discovery of own gruesome body
bride always dreamed about making fiancé's friends sweat asses off in fucking sun
cable ace award thrown out in apartment move
report: russia managed to penetrate voter databases in order to ensure election was fair and free like the loyal allies they are
cheap airfare sole reason for trip to italy
strip poker ends solemnly with scar explanation
library of congress adds 'no sleep 'til hammersmith' to national motörhead registry
the one thing you need for positive change
clinton takes stand against harmful uv radiation
open letter to all potential mayoral candidates (a response would be nice)
the truth about homepage sliders
ahmad khan rahami identified as suspect in manhattan explosion
iran's khamenei warns he will confront any interference in may election
friend of friend better friend than friend
inspirational poster kitten falls to death after 17 years
coroner to investigate police killing of rock thrower
anne hathaway takes a cue from emma stone & andrew garfield
women's group uses drones to deliver abortion pills
creating is about taking one step to re-imagining leadership: biting off more than you can chew
dinner recipe ideas to cook with your roommate
report: recent wednesday felt like thursday
friend asks if there any openings at job he constantly mocks
worldwide executions surge to highest levels in 25 years: report
terrifying mutation killing off u.s. cabinet members one at a time
depressed wolf blitzer locks self in situation room
chance the rapper leads chicago residents in a 'parade to the polls'
hero lawyer uses technicality to free guilty man
nra touts oliver north's expertise at avoiding jail time for colluding with hostile foreign powers
a cop's job is difficult, but it can be done without killing humans
peru's presidential election shows a narrow lead for kuczynski
ballet hispánico is giving latino artists a voice they deserve
girl from coffee shop seen at bar with guy from record store
unfunny inside joke from 5 years ago only thing holding friendship together
it might be time to break up with your tampon
these sikh bhangra dancers will shovel away your winter blues
class of '88 reunion attendees once again trick sue thorpe into thinking jeff urban likes her
who needs the apple watch? this startup is building straps that make any regular watch 'smart'
that guy from that one show not looking so hot
anarchy symbol updated to appeal to today's teens
fiona apple releases egg sac
mom gives excuse for son's absence that even hermione would accept
a quick reminder that sexual assault is not about lust -- it's about power and control
'mean girls' director signs on for new comedy
the wsj's long record of protecting polluters
car salesman three desks over going on and on about chick he banged last night
grandma excited to show off new beach sweater
butch lesbians open up about a big misconception about their sex lives
sinclair takes a swipe at cnn with misleading 'fake news' video
7 things that always go on sale in september
from the other side; an honest review from employees
firewood, bread top new russian agenda
the news on russia and trump is evolving, but people's opinions are not
dreamers live a nightmare while congress runs down the clock
palestinian youth and the psychological impact of violence
iraqi camps swell as civilians flee fighting in fallujah
don't bother asking this amazon echo anything
baby elephant gets (adorably) rescued from the mud
historical archives: to be sold - two chamber pot house
watch this guy play out the entire 2017 oscars, impressions and all
conservative newspaper editorial boards line up behind hillary clinton
this guy used augmented reality to recreate 'the ring' in real life
dave chappelle donates $50,000 from michigan show to flint foundation
pierced tongue fails to make local woman less boring
encouraging report from radical extremist think tank finds america no safer since 9/11
thanks to kickstarter, thousands of endangered penguins will get new homes
donald trump jr.'s rnc speech uses lines from conservative columnist
president trump is less unpopular than he's been in a while
chloë sevign̈y approved for second umlaut
clean-shaven, tuxedoed james holmes charms courtroom in latest appearance
pearl harbor survivors do the mannequin challenge like seasoned pros
new desk chair a boring dream come true
nation demands more movies where guy reveals he was wearing bulletproof vest
trump voter fraud commissioner says panel should be more transparent or disband
star tour operator points out massive costner dropping to awed passengers
beyoncé's 2015 global citizen fest setlist was pretty flawless
mnuchin warns health care debacle will delay tax reforms
toddler adjusting to society after serving 2-minute timeout
car rolls up to stoplight blasting google maps directions
it's a mini 'dawson's creek' reunion!
tulip popping up in middle of march must think it some kind of hotshot
georgia ski lift malfunction hurls people into air, injuring 11
'goodell must go' banners flying over nfl stadiums
how lupita nyong'o got the role of trevor noah's mom in upcoming movie
ross ice shelf embarks on world tour
facebook was so adorable and harmless back in the day
obama vows to split isis into dozens of extremist splinter groups
amber rose takes down trolls who called her 5-year-old son 'gay'
2016 was the year
kanye west scrubs entire twitter account of any mention of trump
5 in u.s. charged with terrorism-related crimes
new york attorney general examining eric trump charity payments to trump properties
dianne feinstein eviscerates jeff sessions in savage closing argument
civil rights movement network law is a much-needed tool
cnn renews 'this week at war' for next eight seasons
republican pick-up lines are about as creepy as you might imagine
grateful for my mom's legacy this mother's day
eager understudy beginning to think john lithgow impervious to disease
man's dream to get drunk in an a-frame finally realized
7 ways stand-up comedy can teach us to effectively motivate others
health inspector repulsed by restaurant's customers
what not to wear to a wedding, according to etiquette experts
brown workers put company in the black
husband experimenting with open marriage
supreme court cock-blocks iowa man
calvin harris handles taylor swift joke like a pro while accepting award
dzhokar tsarnaev finally moves off campus
screaming japanese schoolgirls overturn greenspan's bus
hate-crime bill stalled by pro-hate lobby
cia forced to complete all scheduled torture in one hectic weekend
nation puts 2016 election into perspective by reminding itself some species of sea turtles get eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch
new study recommends insects spend at least 30 minutes skittering per day
the world economic forum is giving goosebumps to some 'game of thrones' fans
power of pride
t.i. calls for boycott of restaurant after off-duty cop allegedly assaults 3 black women
aide interrupts event to inform bush about 10th anniversary of 9/11
jay-z's '4:44' makes room for black men to be vulnerable
christian couple staying together for sake of god
ex-girlfriend flashback leaves man paralyzed in produce aisle
wyclef jean says he 'would definitely' reunite with the fugees
february is historical accuracy month
8 conversations you need to have before marrying again
russia vows to expand 'black list' of americans in response to new sanctions
sun goes out for a few seconds
trump vehemently denies using word 'people' to describe african immigrants
a trainwreck of bad refereeing just saved the nba playoffs
new book written from perspective of gargamel
rescuers in rebel-held syrian area accuse government of gas attack
man jumps from hotel's 45th floor with jet pack
things fall together
suicide note surprisingly upbeat
meghan markle's college friends stuck at table with sickly habsburg cousins
customer awkwardly accepts one cent, receipt
10 ways to respond to strangers who comment on your 'mom bod'
as more borders close, families rush for refuge
ferguson is not among the most dangerous places in the world, donald trump
self-directed retirement accounts and turnkey rental investing
battleship awkwardly propped up against ferguson police department
fog machine heightens drama at children's piano recital
conversations with god about bush
new ad preys on people with 'ideas'
football fan wears off-season body paint
microsoft: russian hackers exploiting windows flaw
3 leadership mistakes roger goodell made that you shouldn't
men's wearhouse introduces clip-on trousers for guys who never learned how to put on pants
woman apparently wants to smell edible
beautiful spring day no match for last 35 years of man's life
trump inspires thousands of kids to believe they could one day grow up to be president of confederacy
34 perfectly snarky tweets about 'the bachelor,' episode 3
man can't believe obama would use tragedy to push anti-tragedy agenda
canoe found after hurricane irma eyed as piece of florida history
saudi-uae push to mobilize tribes against qatari emir
how chronic stress can create hormonal havoc, part two
tokyo portal outage delays millions of japanese warp commuters
area man remembers less politically correct time when christmas was about honoring the glory of saturn
11 life lessons i learned from my year of running
cat internally debates whether or not to rip head off smaller creature it just met
harvey weinstein is despicable. what about bob?
reuters journalists charged in myanmar after reporting on rohingya crisis
minnie driver optioned by harrison ford
neil armstrong becomes 115 billionth man to die on earth
here's how bendy your body actually gets during yoga class
middle manager follows proper procedure
mark zuckerberg: 'i regret' rejecting idea that facebook fake news altered election
facebook informs data leak victims whether they need to burn down house, cut off fingerprints, start anew
man uses weekend to make totally different mistakes than he did during workweek
newborn soothed by familiar sound of parents' bickering
man entirely different misogynist online than in real life
huffpollster: republicans are feeling a lot better about their party post-election
no one knows how medieval nuns used this mysterious prayer wheel
parents create hilarious cards for the less celebrated baby milestones
louis vuitton releases new line of designer leather freezer bags
france's far-right national front unveils new name with pro-nazi past
ups reports troubling drop in residents answering doors in lingerie
chrissy teigen gives the middle finger to her pregnancy critics
embarrassed whale panicking about huge barnacle outbreak before date
field notes from the music biz: life at the trades
area theater has strict rule against bringing in outside movies
the clever way starbucks customers are insisting 'black lives matter' is heard
black lives matter protest moves from mall of america to airport
trump's nativist attacks on immigrants weaken our country
let's not just take it down, let's take it deeper
there are 1,000 percent more avocados available in the u.s. than 40 years ago
man at bar has incredibly complicated reason for why he enjoys rolling rock
the key takeaways from the iran deal, according to former state department negotiators
the one word that shifted my attitude about fear
the first trailer for the queen biopic 'bohemian rhapsody' is here
annoying, well-adjusted friend even fucking meditating now
family loses third son to the heroin epidemic
bill clinton says 'we are all mixed-race'
the bhikkunis: exploring the history of female monks in thailand
shake shack celebrates the return of 'will & grace' in sweet (and boozy) way
kylie jenner sports massive septum ring in her latest photo shoot
trump uses major policy speech to threaten to sue sexual assault accusers
huffpost appoints aman sethi as india editor-in-chief
blissed-out, hemp-wearing sean spicer assures reince priebus this the best thing that ever happened to him
older brother to attempt unmanned bike mission into ravine
watch live: the solutions summit at un headquarters
dead-eyed man has been looking for non-humiliating halloween costume for past 2 hours
billy joel has billy joel's disease
senate committee links child poverty to lack of child jobs
serena williams used her tennis superpowers to take down phone thief
berkeley campus on lockdown after loose pages from 'wall street journal' found on park bench
the fantastic faroe islands
hot summer shows
inside facebook's plan to build an artificial brain
meet the third party
report: rich suitors able to correctly guess beautiful woman's dress size 92% of time
bush to meet with agriculture secretary down in the holler
darius rucker cries for the love of the gamecocks, who reach final four
what chinese centenarians can teach us about living well
fed admits up until now u.s. has just been coasting off money from 'avatar'
tape dispensed
wwi liturgy will atone for outbreak of 'the great war'
horrified geologists uncover millions of rocks in sprawling mass grave
woman quickly cycles through non-threatening voice inflections before expressing concern
obama: 'i'm going to do what i can through executive action' on immigration
he said he loved me...
fourth-grade teacher receives dark portent of coming storm from gnarled, haggard third-grade teacher
key senate race deeply divides men and women
viewer outraged
young mom earns $50 million while caring for two children
iran warns of retaliation if u.s. breaches nuclear deal
the gop tax plan tells us everything about who matters in american democracy
how to become a star
here's how anti-vaxxers actually sound
picking thing up from apartment floor rescheduled for thursday
area woman just itching to complain if anyone objects to nativity scene in park
poll finds declining number of americans believe they god
25 effortless wrap dresses you won't want to take off all summer
nasa launches first cordless satellite
eli broad: it's 'news to me' i'm buying the la times
frying with olive oil, and other ways you're misusing oil
eight million americans rescued from poverty with redefinition of term
atheist swayed by claymation story of christ
a 'married... with children' spinoff is reportedly happening
find your rudder
cobweb-covered skeleton gripping senate desk expected to seek 15th term
whale expert measures everything in elephants
gina rodriguez is bringing a show about an undocumented family to tv
nation's entertainment reporters return to celeb beach body beat following coverage of weinstein scandal
area love knows only court-ordered bounds
create an environment for your ultimate success
seaworld's new ad is completely full of it
frito-lay family of products leaned on during difficult time
another english king could be buried under a parking lot
either jay leno a repeat or p. diddy got arrested again
clinton woos gay vote with freddie mercury mustache
substitute teacher can tell he's filling in for real asshole
7 things attracting the youth to american manufacturing
george and amal clooney pass out headphones on flight to block twins' crying
conversion 'therapy' survivor shares harrowing experience
this stylish kid will teach you how to wear a suit
richard wolff says capitalism drives inequality with 'explosive' consequences for society
florist saves abusive relationship
man resolves to read the wikipedia tabs he already has open before starting new ones
man has no idea what to do with visiting friend between meals
jogger clearly on first run of plan to turn life around
'friends' co-creator on whether or not we'll get a reboot
11 tales of struggle and self-discovery
elena kagan asked straight up: 'you got what it takes?'
scientists theorize sun could support fire-based life
turkey's most perfect beach is an actual butterfly wonderland
international atom registry allows customers to name atom after loved one
kim jong-un wonders if nuclear threats distracting him from real goal of starving citizenry
god legally changes name to jake steele
modern day activists call it 'historic trauma'
california officials assure residents there still plenty of other natural resources to waste
oscar pistorius swears bloody cricket bat from different murder
sweet video honors the amazing work of child life specialists
7 havana attractions you can't wait to see
four black trailblazers on how they are empowering communities of color
watch obama get a little nostalgic after his final state of the union
pope: it would be 'catastrophic' if 'special interests' derailed climate talks
why china's economic woes are causing alarm in africa
the senate's stealth raid on seniors' health care
jose fernandez had cocaine in system during fatal boat crash
more states lean toward medicaid expansion
from man of the year to millions for charity: what i learned from my first campaign (when i was 12)
'fantastic' news! dumbledore is officially coming to 'fantastic beasts'
nation gets really tired all of a sudden
u.s. women's olympic hockey wins gold in nail-biter finish over canada
barack obama: look to a veteran 'whenever the world makes you cynical'
best buy employee wearing different colored shirt for some reason
why this lawyer quit his job to open a national mustard museum
joe biden tells latinos to 'make no damn apologies for anything'
why religious freedom advocates should be concerned about sam brownback
most americans can't afford a minor emergency
nation to honor harper lee by ensuring novel about horrors of racism always remains relevant
man builds rad all-terrain wheelchair that looks like a tank for war hero dad
11 ways to feel beautiful that will cost absolutely nothing
special pull-out section: rural illinois' sexist moms
adorable tiger cubs turn into fearsome big cats over course of 1 year
black people need more representation and fewer 'representatives'
trump's hhs nominee got a sweetheart deal from a foreign biotech firm
oklahoma state penitentiary unveils new in-chamber entertainment system to keep inmates occupied during lethal injections
west virginia flooding kills 24 and submerges towns
parents officially designate upstairs television for anyone who doesn't want to watch thanksgiving football
he's the most mysterious guy in the world
montreal's osm concludes couche-tard virée classique with record attendance
10 ways you and your child can survive end-of-school madness
tomato genetically modified to be more expensive
paul ryan quickly runs tweet about texas shooting past wayne lapierre before posting
there's a new meghan markle wax figure, and it's actually a great likeness
charleston is testing the soul of america
fiona apple's classic 'criminal' video just got a lesbian makeover
eccentric man introduces new sweater to closet pals colonel coat and captain blazer
thankful for our power: a thankful discourse in a time of reckoning
trump style:  insults and domestic abuse
dad shares photo album through never-before-seen website
department of interior brings down derelict rainbow with controlled demolition
weather channel destroys breitbart over bs climate change story
what it's like to get nexplanon, the birth control implant in your arm
these 13 celebs recite 'hotline bling' almost as well as drake
study seeks to measure 'scalia-ness' of donald trump's supreme court picks
panama papers source breaks silence and offers to aid authorities for immunity
point in evening reached where everyone tries to lift biggest friend
senior pretty checked out during entire final year
college freshman from florida has never seen people complain about snow for 5 months before
vatican issues first comments on trump's immigration ban
someone made a $13 bacon cheeseburger-stuffed glazed donut
man completes life $130,000 over budget
homosexual tearfully admits to being governor of new jersey
spring must-haves for cool, curvy girls
oscar meyer introduces new wiener mobility scooter
grandma knitting escape ladder
trash bag taped over broken southwest plane window
melania's staff asks for privacy from president while she recuperates
wolf blitzer walks into middle of olive garden commercial to announce breaking election results
michele bachmann claims there's violence in israel because jesus is 'coming soon'
double amputee proves he is capable of anything
new contraception law would require teenagers to consult with 3 different peers before selecting birth control method
queen bun gives birth to thousands of tiny rolls
parody movie script one crotch-hitting joke short of being greenlit
report: 23% of population just sort of like that
wealthy donors pump millions into sanders' campaign in last-ditch effort to destroy his credibility
empty beer bottle released into wild
what the everyday items in your home say about you on a deeper level
prevent pr disaster: 6 steps for crisis planning
report: there probably not the best place to stand
craig sager brings his a-game to facetime fellow cancer patient
model to give acting a shot
tour becoming one-on-one between guide and man who knew name of mckinley's assassin
in boston, student mbta passes are an equity issue
obama announces we are invading iran right now
the turkey sandwich of justice is the leftovers hero we deserve
enraged man unable to break tv
wendy whelan's farewell performance at nycb featured 'after the rain' pas de deux
sandwich previously thought incapable of looking more depressing flattened in backpack
carrie fisher's birth announcement in 1992 captured her signature humor
what's missing from the marriage decision
lebanon's ex-pm says he will return amid claims he was being held captive by saudis
animals keeping impending earthquake to selves
is the internet bad for religion?
fcc chairman overturns decision to cancel 'party down'
man silently eating personal pan pizza alone in corner of airport unaware this will be best part of 7-day vacation
18 awesome picnic recipes (that aren't sandwiches)
john lennon's journey to feminism and why it matters in the era of trump
ashes of deceased presidents rubbed upon voters' heads in hallowed election day tradition
syrian boy with meningitis evacuated from besieged town
when arab power meets smart power
new excedrin 'lights out' kills you dead on the spot
academy president says it's up to the film studios to encourage diversity in hollywood
meghan markle's jeweler is making sure her engagement ring stays one of a kind
nostalgic memories of land of the lost ruined in dvd release
why this congressman is skipping the inauguration and marching with women
how we're using existing technology to save vets' and service members' lives (and how you can help)
warm, syrupy pleasure coursing through man's veins after big hit of mattress
report: only 3% of conversations actually need to happen
police reports in laquan mcdonald case appear to contradict dashcam video
the u.s. is sitting on a mountain of cheese
nation's stray dogs call for increased wino-vomit production
alan keyes admits: 'i just enjoy campaigning'
the truth behind my travel photos
child baffled by stationary, non-violent images
shaun king has twitter account suspended after cnn email exchange
drought-ravaged nyc institutes alternate-side-of-street firefighting
last people left at party a ragtag assembly of friends of friends
new evidence suggests last ice age caused by earth floating into extremely chilly part of galaxy
u.s. urges bin laden to form nation it can attack
chinese general slams japan and the u.s. at security meeting
gentrification mockumentary asks you to please remember rich, white kids
man prowling at airport gate ready to pounce like jungle cat at first sign of boarding
fiat chrysler to be hit with record $105 million fine over safety recalls
u.s. tourist was detained in north korea  for leaving bible in a bathroom
i just purged 80 percent of my closet. why do i feel so guilty?
here's where all the 'gilmore girls' characters would have ended up
fbi launches nationwide manhunt for new office manager
logo in corner of tv reminds man he's masturbating to spice
shooting suspect released after not breaking any arizona laws
the greatest -- muhammad ali --  dies at 74
progressive book club kicks off with elizabeth warren's new book
bar table scientists awarded 4-beer grant to complete analysis on why he's not good enough for you
a scientific guide for finding the perfect workout music
who is hacking all of these 'glee' stars?
last minute of man's sexual prime expires during routine visit to dry cleaner
latest department of interior river count comes up one short
kissinger instructs palin on finer points of clandestine carpet bombing
joan moran: 7 business skills that make your personal life successful
architect asks self how le corbusier would have designed this strip mall
greenspan to play 15 unannounced small-club shows
u.s. senate backs massive increase in military spending
serena williams has perfected her argument against the wage gap
9/11 health program now officially on borrowed time
obama orders guantánamo prisoners transferred to next president
mexico says drug boss guzman narrowly evades capture
australian journalist's devastating take on trump at g-20 goes viral
unpopular police officer thinking about committing racially motivated offense for a little support
exhausted mueller trying to find trump organization russia documents amid thousands of harassment lawsuits
god getting strong urge to bring back dinosaurs
as shutdown looms, push to link planned parenthood with spending fight gains steam in house
chances are your new year's resolution will end today
a bride harbors an intimate secret in this haunting short film
sixth grader begins work on pony trilogy
can a french friar end the 21st-century slave trade?
an artist confronts his possible futures
fcc chief cites special occasion for allowing vaginal penetration on network sitcom
activists rally behind pope's message on climate, the poor
unsold google glass units to be donated to assholes in africa
living life with heart: an interview with tony ducharme
#badpicturemonday is the hashtag we all should embrace right now
kitten thinks of nothing but murder all day
song of redemption: the frank morgan story
teamwork mostly karen
proof that it pays to piss off sarah palin
dog chained up for decade has sweetest reaction to being set free
if you love tom of finland we've got the perfect new emoji for you
palestinians and standing rock native americans share a struggle for justice
russia calls u.s. move to better arm syrian rebels a 'hostile act'
j. crew's jenna lyons doesn't care how you dress for work
departing obama tearfully shoos away loyal drone following him out of white house
breaking: everyone at bar cooler than area man
colin kaepernick's white parents say they're 'very proud' of him
trump maps out plan for first 100 days of not conceding election
progressive company pays both men and women 78% of what they should be earning
trump lawyer sends cease-and-desist letter to steve bannon
lapd going about day in uncomfortable silence
daylight saving time yields massive daylight surplus
lab mouse nervous for first day of new job getting cancer
pro wrestler's penis takedown just got bigger
new documentary reveals seaworld forced orca whales to perform nude
taliban making military gains in afghanistan
queen victoria's secret:lifting the fig leaf
radio host hugh hewitt 'inclined' to vote for donald trump after urging him to drop out
everyone in sears spanking a child
'you are not your job,' obama reminds himself throughout shower
parents of obama volunteer couldn't be more proud, sick of son
matt bomer, zachary quinto and more prep 'boys in the band' for broadway
lawsuit: trans students made to wear green bracelets to id themselves
the things moms carry
bernie sanders asks anyone who's serious about breaking up big banks to meet him on corner of canal and bowery at midnight
vladimir putin suggests american hackers framed russia
area 93-year-old has death-after-life experience
new harry potter film turns children on to magic of not reading
anthony kennedy's citizens united disclosure salve 'not working'
excited mike pence assures john mccain he has his 'last rites' kit ready to go just in case
dump trumpers think they need just 57 votes to win
a guide to how much butter is in your favorite baked goods
5 lessons from a twenty-something divorcée
nancy pelosi to critics: bring it on
report: one guy really fucking up 4-way frisbee circle
nation's dads treated to mark knopfler meet-and-greet
woman angered when veiled anger expressed as mock anger is interpreted as real anger
zachary quinto uses fake name at starbucks. customer gets steamed.
temple university receives anonymous donation to build center for discrediting rape allegations
local child has run-of-the-mill imagination
hannibal buress jokes about getting death threats after cosby routine
missing boy scout earns publicity badge
shirtless tonga olympian pita taufatofua wins olympic opening ceremony again
ant colony comes to halt after death of popular worker
liberal activists encourage citizens to call their late-night hosts and urge them to oppose tax plan
man has trouble growing full beard of bees
newly unemployed woman enjoys equal pay for first time in career
how peter thiel's gawker battle could open a war against the press
his name is ahmed mohamed, not 'clock kid'
carhartt introduces rugged work thong
cat seemed perfectly content right up until point he bolted out of room
ted danson totally nails tonight show interview
america's election cycle is so scary that haunted houses are getting political
each line of mastercard billing statement evokes infuriating vacation memory
andrew lincoln will make you hope for rick's death scene on 'the walking dead'
trump campaign ponders going negative
afghanistan bombings result in country's deadliest day for journalists
some d.c. businesses are abusing a safety program to racially profile people
copies of da vinci code litter crash site
man adds a few personalized tracks to standard new-girlfriend mix cd
air traffic controller likes pattern he has going
who isn't running for president?
struggling us airways introduces $100 million bomb fee
fran drescher cinched up another notch
alec baldwin's trump impression is apparently even better than we thought
mongol hordes sack u.s.
an immigration fight gives jeb bush his best moment of the entire debate season
divorce has been pretty rough on screen door
john stossel: the reason why i watch fox news
nation satisfied as selena gomez completes transition into sexualized plaything
why do some borrowers pay higher mortgage interest rates than others?
christmas, grief, and moving forward after an alzheimer's diagnosis
esa lander prepares for historic mars landing
amazing photos: ufos spotted above loch ness
city maoist visits country maoist
mom wants one of those things your sister has for christmas
taylor swift calls out celebrity culture
running shoes used mainly for computer programming
senate bully forces legislators to repeatedly pass 'we are huge homos' bill
singing the methane blues
you think these foods are healthy, but they are not
u.s. asks africa not to cash aid checks until after tax day
here's what is coming to amazon in april 2018
the story behind leonardo dicaprio and lady gaga's viral golden globes moment
watch abby wambach say goodbye to soccer in emotional final game
wednesday's morning email: kim jong un visits china
this man used a beyonce concert as a chance to catch up on some reading
housefly fondly recalls losing virginity on rotting pile of ground beef
van morrison removed from rock and roll hall of fame following allegations he bet on album sales
universal remote latest step in area man's plan for total living room domination
it's not far and einstein
god loses pouch filled with crystals that give him powers
4 tips for a safe cyber monday
cash back incentives:  a winning strategy for health insurers and consumers
under trump, union election rules could be tilted in employers' favor
u.s. opens door to a change in blood donation policy for gay men
friend's wife encountered twice a year
directions to ed's steak house
outgoing hhs secretary tommy thompson caught with briefcase full of flu vaccine
discarded banana peel results in tragicomic tableau
joe kennedy iii reveals how his gop counterparts really feel about donald trump's tweets
country cd put on to impress repair guy
hundreds of hbcu students march to the polls to urge people to vote
larva acting like it knows everything about chewing leaves
brussels airport reopens 12 days after terrorist attacks
starbucks wants you to color in this year's holiday cup
a museum in germany is asking designers to give peace a new sign
guy in bear costume has no problem voting in russian election
photo of couple married 60 years shows what true devotion really looks like
ukraine ceasefire remains shaky, but still holding
axl rose has something to say about that vocal range chart
new ronco food exposer spoils food overnight
thursday's morning email: china fires diplomatic warning shots
'the world of postsecret' reveals what lurks in the hearts of man
21-year-old adult throws hissy fit
chris stapleton had no idea who adele was when she covered his song
hillary clinton waiting in wings of stage since 6 a.m. for dnc speech
home-brewing phase comes to long-overdue conclusion
kristen bell and dax shepard are giving us everything at the golden globes
this hummus has a secret ingredient supermarkets don't want to sell
owner tearfully releases american pharoah after triple crown win
this is how celebrities spent their summer holidays
israel builds new settlement to host palestinian peace talks
report: 87% of goldman sachs employees began job with plans to take down company from inside
muslims attend catholic mass across france in powerful show of unity
nation schedules recurring monthly benefit concert to streamline tragedy response process
newtown victim's animal sanctuary dream becomes a reality
the one big issue antonin scalia consistently got right
watch how a headline turns a nice story ageist
dear mark ruffalo, timothy mcneil and matt bomer: why is matt bomer playing atrans woman?
single document engulfed in coworker's 50-page printout
5 million illegal immigrants to realize dreams of having deportation deferred
ayesha curry lands cooking show on the food network
one issue that could reshape america for a generation was snubbed at the debate
immune-deficient realtor forced to spend entire life in housing bubble
fast and furious: novels, the media and our changing world
frenzied trump supporters admit they'd be just as happy tearing him to pieces
gisele bündchen makes history with a makeup-free vogue italia cover
area stadium inadequate
merv griffin leaves lifetime supply of jiffy pop to charity
you wanted government run like a business? you got it.
living, breathing history and morality through design at greenbuild 2014
trump's trojan horse tax cut
the sugar industry paid scientists to be on its side as early as the 1960s
study: major shift in media landscape occurs every 6 seconds
the damaging stigmas men of color in makeup face
cardboard snowflake half-heartedly masking-taped to break-room door
the most important first step to success
new york giants clean house, fire coach ben mcadoo, gm jerry reese
donald trump's 'do not congratulate' putin blunder is already a savage new meme
income inequality emerges as key topic to avoid in 2014 elections
panicked newborn didn't realize breathing would be on apgar test
what makes for a stable marriage?
chick corea falls to communists
justice stevens renews vows to supreme court in emotional reconfirmation hearing
all the women i have been
startup very casual about dress code, benefits
bodybuilder's veins now outside of his skin
the consumer financial protection bureau: a government agency for promoting growth
stripper does adequate job
a response to letters defending the japanese american incarceration in the la times
the best 'lazy games' for exhausted parents to play with their kids
highway sign hacked to show crude message about donald trump
first-time voter will always remember day he cast ballot for nick barborak
kim davis supporters: deputy clerks who issued gay marriage licenses should be fired
new homeowner suddenly fascinated by molding
'late show' airs its version of kim jong un's response to 'rocket man'
donald trump's crackdown on undocumented immigrants is silencing exploited workers
colorful multicultural mural celebrates diverse lack of talent
these were the hottest baby names of 2017
how these mayors rise above the stress of their demanding jobs
former marine to watch lots of tv
jake tapper grills gop senator: 'you gave me and anderson cooper a huge tax break'
gray wolves sighted in capitol building for first time in 85 years
growing up in scouting's closet
it's snowing in hawaii right now, and we can't wait to visit
love letter made longer by increasing margins
who's the old guy at lollapalooza?
alan colmes loses argument with nephew
trump eyes fracking mogul harold hamm as energy secretary: report
bombs explode outside 2 churches in las cruces, new mexico
alcoholic's plan for turning life around doesn't involve getting sober
'the world cannot wait — and neither will we,' 61 mayors pledge
fda to increase recommended dosage of acetaminophen for children who can handle their shit
what i learned from drawing my face over and over
senate republicans just blocked a bunch of gun control measures
2012 seniors thunder into high school's parking lot like coalition forces entering baghdad
andrew mccabe spending few days as congressional bathroom attendant to satisfy pension requirements
two dead in 'kind of brutal' slaying
deer shot by obsessed fan
report finds average american wastes 77 years of their life not listening to steve winwood's 'the finer things'
friday's morning email: inside the presidential charity roast that went south fast
slovakia's prime minister fico quits amid crisis over murdered journalist
gay couples fight to be included on birth certificates
bob dole picked off by large hawk circling arena parking lot
the 4 types of bosses… and how to manage up to them
bin laden sends belated threat to israel for 60th birthday
nation's underfunded public education system to experiment with shortened 6-day school year
johnny depp now physically unable to walk unless whimsically teeter-tottering across rolling log, wobbly plank, or swaying beam
why dave brandon won't be michigan's athletic director next year
bodybuilder can't believe he forgot to develop right arm
i am not a summertime mom
study finds humans crave sweet foods because they're weak—they're weak and they're small
holocaust film appeals to believers and skeptics alike
nader supporters blame electoral defeat on bush, kerry
¡que vivan los amos de casa!
employees: are they costing u.s. businesses too much money?
nation savoring every moment of glorious late-february, early-march days
talking on sunshine; wx geeks, the weather channel's new sunday show
my 5×5 plan for the next 12 months
police officer demonstrates proper technique for subduing grand jury
the great vanishing
hillary 2016: her personal brand
girls charged in slender man attack will be tried as adults
revolutionary new alarm clock for the deaf uses no hammers
netflix gently reminds 'arrested development' fans that new episodes of the show won't actually solve world's problems
new taliban chief calls for unity amid leadership struggle
sh*t talk: everything you need to know about pooping at the office
george jefferson honored for black television history month
woman with amazing rack told she has beautiful eyes
area woman thinking about doing that thing where she's mean to other women she meets for no reason
plus-size holiday fashion: tutus, sequins, and standing out
hometown boy makes good enough
chevron touts green initiative with hybrid-powered oil drilling platforms
'girls' producers lena dunham and jenni konner have a new show in the works
watch: jay carney's most epic clashes with reporters
terrible fucking taste sweeps teen choice awards
rubio and cruz have 'anti-lgbt' advisory boards. where is trump's?
wsj reporter: trump may have reneged on border wall deal to hold on to campaign issue
is the fda ready for kim kardashian and mutant head lice?
serena williams reminds us to 'rise up' over the haters in poignant ad
the drag queen world series: everything you need to know!
i'm sick of apathy -- and you should be, too
algebra notebook forced to bear the brunt of teen's song lyrics
obama's legacy is proving far harder to erase than trump imagined
somali pirates free 26 asian sailors after 4 years in captivity
increasing number of couples now using surrogates to have, raise baby
report: underpaid migrant laborers working 18 hours per day on fifa legal defense
chipper coworker must have eaten breakfast like some big shot
when will we let sienna miller graduate from playing wives stuck at home?
q&a with writer/director ben caird on writing and the inspiration for his new film, halfway
what not to feed your dog under the thanksgiving table
white castle plundered by turks
this may be the most unusual george michael tribute you'll ever see
is taking birth control pills a band-aid treatment for pcos?
some of amazon's suitors have been burned before
woman allegedly blows up pee sample in a 7-eleven microwave
the fashion world mourns joan rivers
mexican man says 19-inch penis is destroying his life
tesla's robot-snake will charge your car and give you nightmares
patiently waiting (sort of)
majority of americans thought we already had a moon base
scalia's utter moral failure exposed
mob of rowdy mothers bum-rush botanical garden
why this fierce model is ok with being called fat
extension cord on stage steals spotlight from jeb bush during campaign rally
a warm welcome in mumbai
police report: sexual assault numbers under control, unless you count the super brutal ones
why tens of thousands of people are signing up for this online happiness course
where are all the beautiful mastectomy bras?
seth meyers dubs donald trump the 'tiger woods of hypocrisy' over his golfing
report: one in three americans will get dessert if someone else does
michelle obama to dnc: 'after this election you dipshits are on your own'
the obama administration cracks down on payday lenders
pennsylvania's congressional delegation will no longer be all men
would you rather: max rockatansky or nux from 'mad max: fury road'
halliburton given contract to rebuild cheney
livid jimmy kimmel turns up the heat on sen. bill cassidy for second night
france's far-right national front win big in regional elections
terrorist plot foiled after concert security taps woman's purse
johnny rockets customer terrified after evidently falling through wormhole into 1950s
rodent clearly making its way through steve bannon's body throughout national security meeting
fda report finds food prevents hunger 98% of time when properly used
roommate skulking around edge of party like victorian ghost child
improving the lgbt experience within the workplace
world health organization adds gunfire, explosions to list of natural causes of death
defensive clinton campaign releases new 'who are you to judge me?' ad
these kids' portraits of the trump administration should hang in a gallery
man's whole job undoing handiwork of self-checkout machine
boss's sexual harassment a lot more cautious lately
gorgeous 25-year-old dead at 79
syria: why the ceasefire is unravelling
woman shows hairstylist example of haircut she wants
heroin addict better off than poppy farmer
only remaining rhyme rapper can think of is 'cliff clavin'
the human and financial cost of pollution
this dance subculture is thriving among black gay men in the south
central london panics over reports of shots fired
second life makes dream of owning fictitious coffee shop come true
tig notaro is sickened by the anti-gay pizza restaurant in indiana
i-90 adds lane for drivers traveling cross-country to stop woman from marrying wrong man
atlanta motel standoff ends with suspect stabbing himself
closeted soldiers getting in last clandestine rendezvous before 'don't ask, don't tell' repealed
hellmann's heir's conduct unbefitting a mayonnaise magnate
disillusioned hacker starting to feel like he has no impact on american presidential election
the aftermath of an alleged chemical weapon attack in idlib
adele worships at the altar of beyoncé just like the rest of us
'don't be mad at me for being a picky eater'
smithsonian institution politely declines sofa from charles in charge
trump's plan on prescription drug prices looks nothing like what he promised
man on date ready for question about siblings this time
women, people of color still abysmally underrepresented in hollywood leadership
gluten-free quinoa stuffed mushrooms
these students aren't joining the national walkout to protest gun violence. here's why.
too many smartphone users taking dumb selfies with bears
eia: china's blood ivory carving factories
jeff sessions opposes bipartisan drug sentencing reform bill
enraged character in stageplay to be unconvincingly restrained by other actors
study finds 60% of parents too busy with divorce to worry about football safety
republican running for open montana house seat doubles down on creationist stance
superstitious clinton refusing to change her beliefs following hot streak in polls
report: cost of raising neglected children still low as ever
jay-z finally explains how he and beyoncé came up with those baby names
popsicle reintroduces beloved 'plain' flavor
'what if we put m&m's on top? would they eat that?' doritos exec wonders out loud
cnn taunts trump and the gop with 'schoolhouse rock'
the fear of hair is a real thing, explaining why your drain is such a nightmare
death of 12 schoolchildren makes perfect sense
group buys fishing net so others can't, will save up to 10,000 sharks
from tacos to pad thai: 12 standout shrimp recipes
how teachers can save thousands on their student loans
fighting for the rights of colombia's acid attack victims
clinton will weigh in on trade deal 'when it's final,' campaign says
5 faulty beliefs that have led to republican dysfunction on health care
how nikki haley helped fuel the homebuilding industry's war on fire sprinklers
terrified fda warns something making bananas black after several days
exercising woman really starting to feel the burn of lifelong injury developing
fun-loving, laid-back woman with a bit of a nerdy side joins online dating service
diamond jubilee marred by drunken queen elizabeth ii encouraging guests to fuck
from goofy ridge to sandwich, here are the weirdest place names in illinois
parkland deputy who didn't engage school shooter told other officers to stay away
with great suit comes great responsibility
deflategate: another image blow to the nfl that is not likely to hurt its business
anti-drug senators criticized for 'sham' hearing on legal marijuana
yearbook committee forced to print mug shot
iran's corruption and human rights overlooked
conservatives upset that gay catholics were invited to meet pope francis at the white house
u.s. secretary of beer: 'woooo!'
local band attempts to track down mysterious visitor to its website
trump tells iowa dairy farmers he has cows 500 times bigger than theirs
mark hamill shuts down trump's latest complaint with 3 blistering words
americans expect government officials to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, poll shows
finding comfort in the wake of 9/11
half of black americans say police have treated them unfairly
everyone uses singular 'they,' whether they realize it or not
garden state  some poor fuck's favorite movie
nation wonders how ad guys from vitaminwater do it
first-grader given sticker for behavior during lockdown drill
democrats celebrate doug jones' stunning victory
hey, all you 20-somethings: breathe
friend who's going through difficult emotional time carefully avoided
state department has spent none of the $120 million allocated to fight russian interference
investigation of what fell off nightstand postponed until morning
airline passengers! is there a right to recline?
turning 65? here's when you should enroll in medicare
when a river is a person: from ecuador to new zealand, nature gets its day in court
kim kardashian urges all parents to 'do something' in wake of recent shootings
life would be infinitely easier if these things were more flexible
when it's worthwhile to pay extra airline fees
embarrassed jcpenney announces all it's sold in past year is two fleece jackets and a scattergories game
'onion book of known knowledge' contains cure for hiv
don't raise the massachusetts charter cap just yet
chartering the 90 miles: millennials in cuba and the u.s.
dallas officer shot at home depot dies. 2 others still in hospital.
model railroading a harsh mistress
ongoing chicanery with the gehry memorial
olivia munn and aaron rodgers prove they're huge 'star wars' nerds
john henson, craig kilborn meet for historic smug-bastard summit
new walgreens facebook plugin allows users to see what prescriptions friends are picking up
prog noir and beyond: conversations with tony levin, cactus' carmine appice, jim mccarty, and jake shimabukuro
champagne company develops new second-place beverage
kimye is married
kindergartener's account of day at school passionate, incomprehensible
report: double stuf oreos could raise tolerance to stuf
how to clean your grill with aluminum foil and some elbow grease
sweating obama admits drone strikes have been happening on their own
spain just made history -- twice. here's what went down, hour by hour
darrell issa retiring from congress
kristen wiig is a comedy goddess in this deleted 'snl' sketch
7 shameless ways to get an upgrade
a&e biography host peter graves comes out in ellen-inspired ratings grab
villanova crying piccolo player captures the emotional roller coaster that is march madness
half of u.s. democrats want joe biden in the 2016 race
creators of michelle rodriguez's new film defend it from claims of transphobia
study: uttering phrase, 'marriage is hard work,' number one predictor of divorce
mister rogers' neighborhood gerrymandered to serve king friday's make-believe agenda
j.j. abrams wishes fans a happy star wars day from set
literally no one supports lincoln chafee in latest poll
secretary of interior unveils plans for new high-speed creek
keystone xl looking more unlikely than ever, despite house vote to approve this dirty energy project
israel's, hamas' disregard for palestinian life aligning nicely
rediscovering the rock and roll movement that a dictator destroyed
a christmas message to vice president mike pence
second saturday staten island art walk
mitch mcconnell is keeping the senate rule that lets dems block trump's judges
man attends 25-year nursery school reunion
why you need to be worried about this week's terror attack in pakistan
report: 55% of nation's granite now engraved with names of victims
universities are trying to teach faculty how to spot microaggressions
we're thankful for curvy models, curly hair and more!
real estate insiders to keep close eye on newborn sired by 3-time re/max sales champion
feinstein: obama 'too cautious' on isis
tamra judge on what's ahead on 'real housewives of orange county'
no one murdered because of this image
filipino artists protest donald trump's visit with swastika effigy
aftershock a real 'fuck you' to earthquake victims
betsy devos richly deserved every boo she got
tired and poor need not apply: the american dream is not for you
report: publicly humiliating unpopular student still leading cause of telekinetic violence in u.s. high schools
hotels with height: the world's ten best treetop stays
report: more americans relying on grandparents to help fuck up their kids
where is bana? mystery surrounds shutdown of syrian girl's twitter account
mute, terrified rubio awakes to find self unable to vocalize any unscripted sentiment
divorced man forced to get back down to dating weight
watch: americans open up about what it's like to be muslim in this country
records show numerous complaints against officer who staged his suicide
boehner backs lifting crude oil export ban
donald trump signs spending bill, averting government shutdown
cnn's ana navarro says michelle wolf's critics are acting like 'snowflakes'
how this journalist forced officials to release the laquan mcdonald video
sunday meal prep: 5 healthy recipes that'll kick next week's butt
several injured after 'unauthorized' vehicle enters nsa headquarters
starting college: a guide for parents in 2014
chicago judge orders access to free lawyers at police stations
jian ghomeshi announces new podcast, gets rightfully dragged
why i'm building my political wardrobe
paul gauguin at fondation beyeler (video)
melania trump returns to white house after kidney procedure
the vatican's spectacular christmas stamps
past armageddon and on to zippori, one of israel's premier archaeological sites: spring break 2016, breaking bad on the looney front - part 1
reform jews poised to pass transgender resolution
deadly stampede in bangladesh kills 23
monster truck driver beginning to suspect crowd is cheering for truck
jwoww fires back about accusations she knowingly drank while pregnant
former nfl player to sue minnesota vikings over investigation into anti-gay allegations
rnc taps dennis hastert to lead new youth outreach program
refrigerator wins american appliance
salvation air force collecting used planes in your area
billionaire paul allen's yacht wrecks cayman islands coral reef
pope tweets picture of self with god
man from last week smacked into present day
tough-guy ice agent struggling to raise adorable kids after deporting their parents
college rankings: what's the use?
area photo 201 students all take pictures of same homeless guy
father kills 2-year-old boy and takes own life after 18-hour standoff, police say
people are freaking out over chris pine's hilariously weird lookalike
astronomers discover extremely graphic galaxy
these 7 questions could determine whether your marriage will last or fail
pre-holiday jerry brown preps for term 4
gop plan to avoid september shutdown: we'll get back to you later
the progressive 'legend of korra' finale made fans very happy
tom brady's met gala outfit gets mocked from the sidelines
huffpollster: how do you ask about a senate race like kansas?
bacon-scented undies mean all your panty problems are cured
peer group forces man to have opinion on 'weird al'
fox news channel adds laugh track
film-school graduate goes straight to video-store job
area man lives vicariously through son's bully
area man no longer playing up resemblance to kevin spacey
nato air base hit by taliban rockets
trump uses rnc funds to pay for his russia defense -- thanks to hillary clinton's lawyer
elderly patient threatened with suppository
103 uber drivers accused of sexually assaulting or abusing customers: cnn
church shooting leaves 5 dead in russian region of dagestan: report
neighborhood busybody reports sound of gunshots
a reality show about marshawn lynch is coming to facebook
la phil's long journey with pelléas et mélisande a glowing success
5 reasons trump's mika tweets are even worse than you think
an engineering student working to improve his community
dwayne 'the rock' johnson saves puppy from drowning, melts our hearts in the process
where is happiness? the question was answered two millennia ago
construction union seeks to reduce incidence of accidents involving babies crawling on steel i-beams
'me decade' celebrates 35th year
local senior impressed with restaurant cheesecake
are we safer now? yes, but not as much as we could be
jennifer aniston's style evolution proves that she loves an lbd
friday talking points -- games the whole family can play
the role moderate republicans played in passing the civil rights act of 1964
massive protests call for an end to togo's 50-year political dynasty
father excitedly tells 10-year-old son about new video game system
blogger praises k-beauty while calling asians 'ching chongs' in 'funny clothes'
woman drawn to shampoo with most gruesome description of hair
the good news of poetry that can win the day
bush told to sign birthday treaty for someone named 'kyoto'
pot and cigarette smoking have at least one health consequence in common
amy schumer is a tiny witch in very cute halloween throwback
how my obsession with gore and death actually makes my life better
huffpollster: sorry bernie fans, a sanders comeback is unlikely
u.s.-mexico relations almost as bad as war times, says former mexican president
pence relaxes onstage by imagining entire debate audience burning in hell
listening to nas makes me complicit in misogynoir
teen gives up smoking pot after seeing parents high
teen admits parents were right about fred durst
i'm really upset about the midterm elections god i love my new iphone
6 months of trump, 6 lessons learned
warren buffett's son pledges $90 million to support girls and women of color
census study finds thousands of undocumented immigrants living inside u.s. border wall
al franken: 'i'm deeply sorry for my hilarious actions'
hot new website 'facebook' is lighting up the charts
new bill would shed daylight on schools under investigation for sexual violence
rubenesque woman has picassoesque face
'i look forward to ending my life,' says assisted suicide advocate before being shot out of cannon at brick wall
magical marseille
80 percent of u.s. populace now selling handmade jewelry
$5 million bounty placed on recession
nation's huggers announce plans for you to get over here
lone gunman enters crowded restaurant
the simple trick that'll make your old sweaters look new again
clay aiken gained 30 pounds eating bojangles chicken during his campaign
there is a shortage of male teachers of color. nyc is working to fix that.
new ted nugent cologne tested on 'every goddamn animal we could find'
until trump decides otherwise, a bloc of house conservatives now controls government
man sets unsustainable precedent of saying hello to coworker every morning
disembodied voice in elevator wants to know way to san jose
jimmy carter recovers from dehydration scare in canada
bill gates' wife worried he's lying in a ditch full of money somewhere
guests emerge shell-shocked from rich people's wedding
hugh hefner found dead by live-in peacock
feeling overwhelmed by all the news this year? you're in the minority.
mom shows why mothers have 'earned' their postpartum 'stripes'
rudy giuliani just said trump is trying to 'get us back to a free press'
police headquarters completes new addition to accommodate officers on desk duty for misconduct
the betelgeuse supernova
this tiny florida island village is pulling together in irma's aftermath
harry reid trolls mitch mcconnell on supreme court nominees
3 key nutrients for better brainpower
side effects sound awesome
disturbing confessions of a costume hoarder
obama to announce new climate change help for island nations
these stunning photos challenge the way we think about identity
woman gets several job offers after handing out resumes on the side of the road
eu awards sakharov prize to yazidi women who escaped isis
louis c.k. compares child molesting to eating candy bars on 'snl'
go west, young dan
watch: schieffer signs off
pope francis tells inmates that society can't ignore their pain
quantum political scientists hypothesize country headed in both right and wrong directions simultaneously
jon stewart goes off about donald trump's response to neo-nazis
after 55 years, navy gets its first woman seal applicant
clinton goes on fun plane ride
overeager simpleton destroys that which he loves most
margarita lovers, behold: someone made a cloud that rains tequila
disney world forced to euthanize character that attacked visitor
bush campaign paints kerry as pre-raphaelite contessa
horrible facebook algorithm accident results in exposure to new ideas
snowstorm in chicago delays hundreds of morning murders
5 weight loss habits that are making you gain weight
lady gaga set to perform david bowie tribute at the grammys
vacationing bush accepts republican nomination via live satellite feed
magical voting booth transforms clearheaded americans into reactionist morons
suborbital ballistic-propulsion engineer not exactly a rocket scientist
pele hospitalized for back surgery
ruh-roh! runaway 'mystery machine' takes police on high-speed chase
ronald reagan endorses 'pill lady' for president
mila kunis sold unlicensed boyband t-shirts on the side while filming 'that 70s show'
google chooses saving lives over profits in the midst of opioid epidemic
miley cyrus' 'wrecking ball' could be kelly clarkson's best cover yet
universe ends as god wakes up next to suzanne pleshette
feds find criminal wrongdoing in g.m.'s failure to disclose defect
red lobster offers new 'top hat full of shrimp' to attract wealthier customers
school flies deceased nerd's underpants at half-mast
area teen accidentally enters teen center
trevor noah says kanye west isn't kendrick lamar because of the kardashians
showers with girlfriend increasingly cleansing-focused
lyft and uber pull out of austin, but deceptive pricing is here to stay
google will team up with ford to build self-driving cars: report
enchanted by own innocence, michael jackson molests self
couple puts handful of items on registry that loser family members can afford
the best live-action 'south park' commercials
trump administration suddenly pulls plug on teen pregnancy programs
report: more american children raised by carjackers who didn't realize there was someone in backseat
does japan need to be involved in the middle east?
how to make the most gorgeous summer dinner ever
12 baby names inspired by black stars who are making history
new employee doesn't understand that's where zack sits
watch an escalator malfunction send flyers hockey fans flying
donald trump has become the kardashians... and that's an insult to the kardashians
now you can see into your future. and it's pretty darn scary.
hospital gift shop figures it can soak 'em for 30 on the 'i'm thinking of you' teddy bear
australian parliament gathers to discuss dwindling hemsworth reserves
job placement service helps students who fail out of dad's alma mater find work at dad's company
clinton aide told to leave behind weak volunteer who collapsed during march to south carolina
mentors we don't realize exist
are you catching other people's emotions?
springing into may/charitable & cultural catch-up
why we run: a philosophical look at the value of running
former mexican president to trump: 'your mouth is the foulest shithole in the world'
historians say it still a mystery how people in ancient times didn't just go crazy and kill themselves
working while sick isn't a hillary thing. it's an american thing.
u.s. improves infrastructure with transnational power strip
kerry washington just summed up what we're all thinking about mental health
woman sneaks in anti-ted cruz message during photo with ted cruz
panicked malcolm gladwell realizes latest theory foretells end of his popularity
prom date arrives in freshly washed pickup
women in business: mollie spilman, chief revenue officer, criteo
black history month: feminism and inclusion
7 things to make you feel better about a trump presidency
man looking up at tall building thinking about, you know
gallant amazon user heroically defends 'fringe' season 2 box set from negative reviewers
this election year's darwin award goes to the folks behind this political mailer
revolutionary new homophobia immersion therapy involves lowering patient into tank of gays
the u.s. already tested trump's canned goods idea on native americans. it was bad.
the good girl's guide to socializing with celebs
'i want to congratulate the president,' romney says in 240,000th and final lie of campaign
bergdahl to face court martial for desertion
wealthy, famous individual described as 'totally down-to-earth' by thousands of acquaintances, all of whom are lying
faith: 20 years strong
rain-drenched cat announces it ready to stay inside and be part of family
girlfriend talks through whole goddamn commercial
bill and melinda scoggins foundation pledges $58 for charity
man always insists you toss him keys rather than just hand them to him
venus added to registry of historically significant planets
mother knows perfect picture to publicize if daughter ever abducted
ivanka trump's nordstrom sales reportedly dropped over 70 percent right before the election
toothbrush melts into oblivion in surprisingly hypnotic video
bush diagnosed with attention-to-deficit disorder
toddler at that cute age where anything can be projected on them
horrible band obviously not listening to its influences
charlize theron to play megyn kelly in film about roger ailes
new york bans fracking after health report calls it unsafe
granta derided by philistines
the end might be near for brick and mortar black friday
discrimination against print-on-demand books is out of touch and bad for the environment too
maryland gov. larry hogan says cancer is 95 percent gone
kansas city-area waiter gets world series ticket as a tip
aaron hernandez suicide highlights systemic problem in massachusetts jails and prisons
global political crises boil down to two words: fossil fuels
can of surge results in fully-loaded, in-your-face diabetic reaction
study finds flushing toilets wastes billions of gallons of piss and shit annually
you can has cheezburger: a guide to potential cheeses and what toppings to pair them with
police seize 250 pounds of marijuana smoker
thomas edison invents marketing other people's ideas
the elderly: do they suspect?
4 full days of nashville
exclusive met gala photos you won't see anywhere else
report: shit, last night was trash night
rich thrill-seeker takes the bus
college student wants people to eat chik-fil-a and ketchup off her body
3 dead after car plows into group of trick-or-treaters
study finds humans only animals capable of recognizing former selves in mirror
top german soccer team hit in explosions
jackie chan's ancestors shamed by blooper reel
jakob dylan still not convinced father a better songwriter
obama, tennessee titans have no clue why team invited to white house
state department protest of donald trump's immigration ban hits nearly 900 names
hedge those bets: sports gambling may not be a jackpot for states
how nick jonas' 'queer baiting' is really paying off
panicking flu swears it didn't mean to kill old lady
10 steps to fixing a credit report error
donald trump's inauguration singer speaks out against transgender bathroom bills
zeke thomas wants gay men to stop staying silent about assault
woman assaulted by celebrity just needs to sit tight for 40 years until dozens more women corroborate story
kris kobach posted partial social security numbers of thousands of kansas officials online
photographer highlights kids with rare genetic conditions in stunning photos
mitch mcconnell says republicans have the votes to pass tax bill
letter of recommendation reused for eighth intern
the toy aisle is almost too much for this boy to handle
american dental association recommends making your gums hurt really bad once a day
democrats should focus scotus fight on gorsuch's backing of big donors
marketers -- when is "who and why?" more important than "where?"
something weird about local anchorman's eyes
pentagon planning
report: americans now get 44% of their exercise from licking
donald trump channels the ghost of richard nixon
nina garcia admits fashion industry has a 'huge' race problem
pope praises jesuit missions in paraguay after apology for church crimes against indigenous peoples
former obama aide david plouffe calls donald trump a 'psychopath'
historians suggest 'goodfellas' youtube clips may be fragments of larger work
new viacom ad tells employees to get back to work
brave beachgoers take huge chance to rescue tiger shark
adorable kids ask pharrell hard-hitting questions about his new book 'happy'
the daily szep- gop circus
bill maher thanks donald trump for exposing 'hypocritical' evangelicals
brave woman enters restaurant without first looking it up online
area fifth-grader won't shut up about raccoons
adorable panda cub bei bei makes a very sleepy public debut
mason-dixon line renamed ihop-waffle house line
limbaugh says drug addiction a remnant of clinton administration
red stripe buys jamaican team a new bobsled after coach quits
hotshot test pilot removes helmet, reveals female status
corpses of 'lone ranger' producers hung from hollywood blvd. street lights as warning to others
variety of unsustainable business models make up extremely hip neighborhood
caitlyn jenner on bathing suits: 'don't know if i'm ready to expose myself'
this third grader's advice is all you need for a happy life
everything you need to know about how stress affects your skin
how much americans sleep, text and pee every day
tv agent olivia metzger is parting ways with the creative artists agency
poll shows majority of americans can't blame congress for the shutdown, not with those adorable faces they can't
malala can tell oxford paired her with roommate just because they're both nobel laureates
new election ruling allows candidates to remain completely anonymous throughout campaign
sport and society for arete-baseball
next generation to take a pass on aerosmith
some leaders are born women
neighbors remember serial killer as serial killer
why people say 'you' when talking about themselves
report: kimora lee is pregnant
mit should do better
6 rentboys tell all: what did the rentboy bust do to the hustler economy?
local tcby has missed past 2 logo changes
trump threatens venezuela with possible 'military option'
caught on camera: suspect bird-naps peacock
review: 'teethmarks on my tongue' by eileen battersby
this 'catfight' clip pauses anne heche and sandra oh's rivalry for a quick pregnancy reveal
aretha franklin demands f-u-d-g-e
naval chakra tune up: yoga sequence from stephanie snyder
federal judges can't clear someone's record, even for minor, nonviolent offenses
wealthy father nervously waits for response after sending donations to son's top college choices
national essay writing contest now accepting video submissions
personal life a total waste of time
man pulls up bricks to rescue a pregnant dog that was buried alive
los angeles on high alert as lapd back on regular duty
new online voting system allows millions of masturbators to take part in democracy
snl audience moved to tears by soulful, end-of-episode piano music
postmodern architect unveils 7-story found-art object
study: u.s. wastes 2 million hours annually figuring out where tape roll starts
report: gross-ass gourd all bumpy and shit
florida woman calls 911 for wings, smokes, police say
trump's epa pick went easy on industry that backed him: report
ryan reynolds warns deadpool fans: 'don't say a f**king word'
survival myths that could actually kill you
neighbor's house fire kind of beautiful, actually
whole foods announces it balancing out lower prices on most items by jacking cost of pita chips way up
this is when you're most likely to catch the flu
washington post: maine gov. paul lepage is 'completely unhinged' and should quit
optimist half full of shit
'the lego backpacker' instagrams the world, one country at a time
great, donald trump threatened to default on the national debt
'the interview' is having a very good weekend so far
bp ceo: 'we deeply regret the tragic loss of $4.5 billion'
get up close and personal with trans model and youtube star gigi gorgeous
'the daily show' puts trump supporters through some 'extreme vetting'
ryan gosling sneaks past paparazzi in full-body red carpet camouflage
new claritin flamethrower incinerates whatever causing allergies
number of acceptable things candidates can say now down to four
that chinese girl in office: 'i am not chinese'
top cute
ann coulter rejects rescheduling offer from uc berkeley
dem accuses gop chair of 'attempt to choke off public info' on russia probe
there is no plan b either in yemen or in syria
sweating, shaking pharmaceutical ceo says he can stop profiting off opioid epidemic anytime he wants
trump's refusal to accept election results has americans fuming
man going to show up to launch of j.k. rowling's new book dressed as severus snape anyway
choreographer mark dendy enters the labyrinth
here's what you should know about that secret seychelles meeting
local places moms love
mom can't wait for halloween episode of 'the big bang theory'
the walking dead guns it, whereas hell on wheels recalibrates
elizabeth olsen isn't pleased with tom hiddleston's honky tonkin' in this 'i saw the light' clip
taking your startup public is fraught with negatives
feds say hydropower capacity could be doubled in u.s.
sole remaining lung filled with rich, satisfying flavor
more than two in five american adults carry hpv
these simple tricks will make it way easier to work from home
danny tanner was once played by a completely different guy
donald trump tweets cryptic response to twitter account deletion
creepy late-night mortgage ad gives insight into true state of economy
office bad boy sees right through team-building exercise
joan rivers: my hero and my cautionary tale
senior citizen shaken by diminished bawdy-limerick recall
architects of 2026 market crash just finished a highly productive lunch
pope benedict leaves church in helicopter with lebron james, paul feig for some reason
the top 10 wedding planning myths
a beginner's guide to moving forward in spite of election grief
someone threw the 'veep' music over that awkward trump non-signing, and it's fantastic
here's how many people in each state may not be able to afford insurance if the supreme court rules against obamacare
artificial intelligence is here to help us, microsoft boss jean-philippe courtois says
seeing the humanity of "the other"
gay gene isolated, ostracized
parents gently explain to son why family dog had to be blown up with dynamite
same-sex parents still face legal complications
trump shaping general election strategy with team of most trusted erratic impulses
'life continues': baghdad residents remain resilient amid bombings
transmasculine bodies and the media
officials warn flint residents that some areas have higher lead levels than filters can handle
chrissy teigen would like everyone to stop worrying about her baby, thanks
grandma's only movie watched again
open casket really ruining vibe at funeral
rubio launches new lines of attack against christie
kerry volunteer gets some kerry-primary victory sex
terry mcauliffe defends hillary clinton's 'dead broke' comment
man wishes computer could do thing it already can do
grotesque, misshapen mass of raisins slowly forming inside bag of trail mix
fertility center asks couple if they want some cheap eggs from a real fucked up chick
world's most advanced yo-yo doesn't need you
joe arpaio revives racist obama birther conspiracy
trump suggests he could handle press briefings instead of sean spicer
daily spin class only thing keeping mom from driving car full of kids into ocean
the mesmerizing photographs of eva schlegel arrive at park hyatt vienna
this earth day, i stand for science
white house: no evidence russian air strike killed isis leader
news of jenna elfman sitcom sends herd of buffalo into wild stampede
see chris hemsworth in his 'ghostbusters' uniform
lucky bastard gets to be in coma
mel gibson - his performance in 'payback' still not getting enough credit
why a pub at st. mary's university?
2018 winter olympics cancelled due to inclement weather
christina ricci is pregnant
saudi execution of shiite cleric draws worldwide protests
fbi deputy director touched by heavily redacted farewell card from bureau coworkers
learning to live with ulcerative colitis
man in kitchen can't remember what he got married, bought house, had 3 kids, and came in here for
manufacturer manufactures love to wife
katie couric flirts with cardinal on air
exclusive promo hints stephen colbert will unleash on trump in live election show
recently mugged friend a racist all of a sudden
testing: enhanced interrogation in the classroom
tracy morgan forgives the truck driver who almost killed him
obama takes part in town hall on gun violence
will your foundation pass inspection?
1 dead, 3 hurt in stabbing on ut austin campus
the continuing history of the republican alternative to obamacare
trans in trumpland: election victories signal hope
house democrats bring in record fundraising numbers, gearing up for 2018 midterms
man in center of political spectrum under impression he less obnoxious
wednesday's morning email: 6.2 earthquake devastates central italy
making sure internet explorer doesn't replace actual exploring
americans confused by system of government in which leader would resign after making terrible decision
'acting white'
donald trump's obsession with the polls has made it rough for some pollsters
terrorism is terrorism
beyoncé's mom was afraid white people wouldn't 'get' coachella performance
give me your dreamers that are searching for purpose
last remaining ivory-billed woodpecker really squandering species' final weeks
so, what the heck is a probiotic?
mike johanns only one showing up to cabinet meetings now
why i'm stonewalling 'stonewall'
'piggies' written in blood on clouds only clue in shocking murder of six angels
hallmark debuts 1-square-inch father's day card with no room for writing anything
no, the queen isn't being shady about meghan markle and prince harry's wedding
insufferable man utters words 'craft beer movement'
nbc fires mark halperin following sexual harassment and assault allegations
james franco opens up about a very 'uncomfortable' sex scene
bar has loud, overcrowded section upstairs too
nation's beekeepers warn they don't know how much longer they can hold back swarms' wrath
nuestra palabra: latino writers having their say
this is how ted cruz wins
activist remembers those he met on 6,000-mile walk for equality (video)
paul ryan refuses to promise obamacare 'replacement' will cover birth control fully
inflating the russian threat
as the u.s. debates gun control, australians turn in their firearms
royal baby born
nicaraguan diplomat drops deadly spider onto john kerry's blanket
trump promised senator no federal crackdown on legal weed, but who even knows
drunk man dangerously close to figuring out you're fucking with him
3 habits highly productive people do every day, even if they're 'too busy'
the cia's 60-year history of fake news: how the deep state corrupted many american writers
nbc cancels csi
offbeat squirrel in park garnering cult following
stephen colbert urges his viewers to go watch jimmy kimmel
hayley williams and rocker husband chad gilbert split after nearly 10 years together
5 scientific reasons you should go on vacation
google now giving female employees free day each week to work on lawsuits
adapting change to fit complexity
government squandering social security funds on cake
philippine mud wins in landslide
20 ways to find your life purpose
obama a little creeped out by how much everyone in kenya celebrating reelection victory
college freshman decides to be lanyard-wearing kind
billboard seems oddly proud sting will be playing at foxwoods casino
china unable to recruit hackers fast enough to keep up with vulnerabilities in u.s. security systems
supreme court agrees to disagree on abortion issue
6-year-old shits out half-assed hand turkey
radish (a cat) wants outta here...
bee stuck between screen door, front door going fucking nuts
female boss walking around like she owns the place
loud squawking crow forces faa to ground all flights indefinitely
startling report finds evidence democrats may have attempted to influence 2016 election
horse dies in freak highway accident
3 numbers that say a lot about donald trump
dan harmon finally reveals reason behind 'rick and morty' delays
beautiful pregnancy time-lapse shows new mom and new nursery transform
spot-on video sums up the wildly different lives of cat and dog owners
joe arpaio's 'concentration camp' is finally closed
north korea successfully harvests wheat in show of growing strength
a guy crashes through a table in snow to celebrate ncaa tournament upset
'middle east peace process?' high time for a new name
donald glover's 'this is america,' through the eyes of a jim crow historian
department of agriculture locates perfect goat
10 of the best cyber monday tv deals you'll actually want to shop
sorority raises money at local stable with bikini horse wash
lovelorn app aches to know your location
'planet earth' with aziz ansari subtitles is way too real for us
sia's christmas album title contains an awkward grammatical error
trivial pursuit game reveals man lacks knowledge of basic social skills
thousands return to unemployment following end of  writers strike
rapper not entirely sure who else is on this track
shredding the fourth amendment in post-constitutional america
white house press secretary responds to question about rising obamacare premiums with torrent of toxic spray from parotid glands
reince priebus warns ethics chief to 'be careful'
chiquita introduces easy-grip banana
putin picks ex-defense official as new ambassador to u.s.
scientists working on immortality better hurry up because ian mckellen is 73
most hillary clinton voters think the allegations against bill clinton are credible
u.s. loses u.n. membership after soapy bo obama jumps up on secretary-general
derek jeter reveals one of the biggest regrets of his career to president obama
college admissions office finds ideal applicant capable of subsidizing tuition of 3 low-income students
ghost of carl sagan warns against dangers of superstition
15 decluttering tips for busy moms
new roommate bestows apartment with unexpected windfall of end tables
mom learns about new vegetable
sanders: 'everybody can bear some of the responsibility' for va troubles
locks of love completes construction of massive hair silo capable of holding 150,000 pounds of hair
seattle's space needle blasts off after collecting enough rain for home planet
al roker slams 'moron' jim inhofe for bringing snowball to senate
liu xiaobo - going to be pretty tough for the chinese government to kill now
microsoft fights u.s. government over data requests
mother constantly worried about son stationed on u.s. military base
poet takes extra 5 minutes to vague up poem
historical archives: civil war pre-enactors have stage'd "battle of bull run"
kitchenaid unveils new all-terrain rolling pin
seven-year-old told to take it like a man
historic opportunity for the 45th president of the united states
man just using virgin mary to get to jesus
cool glitch effect on movie studio logo must mean shit about to go down
the american cult of bombing
nearly one million affected by flooding in myanmar
u.s. ethics chief ordered gushing responses to trump's tweets
high school custodian offers students inspired guidance
drew brees' foot injury didn't happen overnight
dui crash suspect: arrest my dog, not me
mizzou chancellor says he's not going to rush to fire melissa click
new speech recognition software factors in user's mouth always being full
anne hathaway to moms: 'there is no shame in gaining weight during pregnancy'
become who you are: the world's first legally recognized cyborg may be onto something
new documentary to finally shed light on nation's fast food chains
tale of two primaries and how to uphold majority rule
police chief says there just a few bad, deeply ingrained prejudices giving all cops a bad name
a record number of people have drowned trying to reach europe this year
hillary clinton practiced dodging trump's 'hugs' before the debates
how to choose a worthwhile organization
new study reveals majority of americans want
archangels already sick of cardinal o'connor telling them how they do it in new york
new ultra-realistic xbox game has users press b repeatedly to make character breathe
sheryl crow unsuccessful; war on iraq begins
bedtime story from fucking bible again
death row inmate can't deny he curious to see how state pulls off lethal injection
scarlett johansson's baby looks 'completely different' from what she'd imagined
'what were we talking about again?' says trump 15 seconds into phone call to family of fallen soldier
man who awoke from coma just in time shares his story, urges us to 'find the miracle within'
'the birth of a nation': a century later
12 baby boy names that bring out the best of the wild, wild west
wanda sykes gets right to the point with donald trump diss
child at 9/11 memorial service sternly reminded we are sad today
el salvador is on track to become world homicide leader
why no more than a dribble of outside spending in kansas?
retired pope benedict pledges to donate soul for ecclesiastic research
is tpp a "living" document?
attorney lisa bloom planned to discredit harvey weinstein's accusers: report
area man uses 'big buck hunter' score to determine ability to drive home
amplifyd.com challenges starbucks and peet's coffee to use organic milk
asthmatic child tired of hearing list of famous asthmatics
aclu drags taylor swift for trying to silence critic
hero publicist honored
art professor revealed to be convincing fake
dad way scarier when controlling temper
cameron diaz says she's 'actually retired,' so there
loveless marriage offset by beautiful four-bedroom home
obama weighing his syria option
rehabilitated otter released back into food chain
poll: americans think gop's iran letter was inappropriate
dad busts his daughter for drinking in the most epic way possible
long before the shooting, roseburg and its college were one
'97 neons to come in three hideous new colors
this is what boy scouts' intolerance to transgender people is doing
breaking: lovers lost in fog
affable anti-semite thinks the jews are doing super job with the media
mike pence vows to cut conservation funding after discovering elk don't mate for life
trevor noah just sincerely praised donald trump for something
ava duvernay is first black woman to direct a dc superhero film with 'new gods'
adopted child doe and amended birth certificates
bill clinton reveals what he misses most about being president
jerry lewis undergoes emergency gefloigel surgery
house of blues actually house of whites
'empire' actor trai byers squashes rumors of wanting to quit the show
pizza hut employee still hanging around after shift
well known gresham, or musicians form gresham, or supergroup
she quit working for trump. now she's running for congress to fight him.
advice on college application essay writing
pope benedict asks if it's too late to change name
trump to move u.s. embassy in israel to jerusalem. here's why that matters.
8 healthy habits of couples who attend marriage therapy
loyal dog waits patiently for 7 whole days for owner to come home
cherokee nation makes headlines as fraction of actress's bloodline
wolf blitzer debuts new real-time election results beard
what it means to survive a hurricane
the wind and sea estate is a 5 star getaway: foraging with friends for the future
wise oracle proclaims to all at barbecue that he felt a raindrop
next supreme court term will be 'more important than any in the last 50 years,' court watcher says
academy awards viewership hit a record low this year
bill maher lets 'impish brit' milo yiannopoulos off easy
armed citizens are now guarding military recruiting centers after chattanooga shooting
election day is less than a week away, and we still don't know james comey's next move
woman who left room crying earlier expects to jump back into party just like that
study finds only 1 in 3 lasik surgeries end in laser boring through eye, incinerating brain, shooting through skull on other side
john kelly roots out remaining priebus sympathizers hiding in tunnels throughout white house
a stranger was bleeding in the parking lot. this man saved his life with a shirt and a bear hug
man thinks receptionist is hitting on him
helpful waitress asks recently seated couple if they've eaten food before
russian tennis czar insults williams sisters
an unexpected health consequence of the california drought
sikh student shot dead at california home
supreme court agrees to hear new jack white album
man hoping people notice how many folding chairs he's carrying at once
grindr scandal shows the risk lgbtq people take to find community online
employee's multitasking doesn't include work
rand paul's time on main debate stage could be running out
area man too poor to afford movers, too old to get help from his friends
pentagon announces plan to cover cost of hormone treatment for servicemembers doubling down on biological sex
u.s. reportedly investigating possibility of moving some guantanamo prisoners
pakistani military engagement: walking a fine line between saudi arabia and iran
with his new york walkover, donald trump takes a big step toward 1,237
trump pardons?
'pharma bro' martin shkreli backs bush
trump orders all flags to half-staff in honor of american killed on episode of 'blue bloods'
democratic response to trump speech highlights party's struggle moving forward
will smith created the best instagram hype for the eagles' super bowl
boardroom hokey pokey: that dance that women do
ronnie wood says he worried it was 'time to say goodbye' after cancer diagnosis
jennifer aniston engaged to guy who frankly will never replace brad
even female doctors struggle for equal pay
'monster' cyclone leaves trail of devastation in vanuatu
airline passenger arrested after allegedly saying, 'i kill white people like you'
raid introduces new box to cover bug until you work up emotional strength to kill it
'gone with the wind' actress says turning 100 is her best role
obama considering appointing an ebola 'czar' to lead u.s. effort
'la 92' looks back at the rodney king protests 25 years later
minnesota museum to remove gallows exhibit after native american protest
olympic drug testing official left horribly disfigured after coming into contact with russian urine
pep-rally skit rumored to involve cross-dressing principal
congress discontinues festival seating after insurance-deregulation-bill stampede
congress sends trump legislation for disaster aid and debt limit increase
hannibal buress arrested for disorderly intoxication in miami
nation hoping for a windy flag day
doctor makes half-hearted alternative suggestions before handing over drugs
texas latinos overwhelmingly support abortion rights
here's how to instantly boost your dating confidence
message under juice cap totally applies to area woman
mike myers and jimmy fallon dance to bring some joy to the world
a look at transgender sex workers living in china
ivanka, donald jr., eric trump removed from white house after mother wins 25-year custody battle
why the south carolina church rampage represents a terrorist threat worse than isis
high-school teacher reluctantly breaks up fight
mom draws powerful cartoon in response to cincinnati zoo incident
area man never leaves house without putting on lucky everything
the incredible story of how america saved a national treasure from extinction
seasonal depression kicks in just in time to numb woman before holiday with family
local fabric store urges you to check them out on twitter
european leaders: 'we stand together to say loud and clear: we are scared as fuck and don't know what to do'
dianne feinstein wants nfl players accused of domestic violence to be benched
doctor quickly scribbles prescription that will lead to 30-year battle with painkiller addiction
theresa may puts on headphones to hear english translation of trump's address
hr sends out reminder email about not scrawling 'revenge' in blood in conference room
u.s. not planning to attack iran, says u.s. iran war czar
desperate chives marketing board launches 'big bowl o' chives in the mornin'' campaign
stoned extraterrestrial stumbles across hidden message after listening to golden record backwards
running from obama, mary landrieu embraces hillary clinton
kfc responds to stockpiling trend with 576-piece bucket
romney thanks state he was born and raised in for just barely giving him enough votes to beat total maniac
actual problem a nice change of pace for anxious man
one size does not fit all: three questions to ask yourself when evaluating a financial advisor
how your sleep changes with the moon
create the ultimate 'boomer cave' from your empty nest
if hb 4 passes, hawaii will have the weakest sick leave policy in the nation.
20-year-old with down syndrome is the youngest business owner in his town
adopting? proceed reverently
i'm so ready for more queer black girl celebrity couples
what happened when this writer matched with martin shkreli on tinder
republicans asked for 'obamacare horror stories.' it didn't go well.
sunday roundup
bush picks up 20 copies of washington post he's in
zoologists: ape neurology much like that of banana-obsessed humans
teenage gunfight with isis
jay z is being sued for $18 million over his cologne
swedes stumped by swedish 'national security adviser' on fox
to the ladies who 'didn't need' the women's march
heavenly authorities arrest god for leaving children in overheating planet
seaworld café introduces new 5-pound orca burger–eating challenge
tea party plans to recruit more coloreds this fall
beyonce releases teaser foot ahead of birth of twins
emotionally abusive social media site continuously manipulating woman into staying
christian prop comic wowing churches from coast to coast
preet bharara: paul manafort may flip to avoid a harsh sentence
facebook: 'we will make our product worse, you will be upset, and then you will live with it'
dramatic images from devastating southern california wildfires
house panel votes to keep congressional reports private
south korean president eats full, balanced meal in show of strength against north
obama to end automatic residency for cuban migrants
people cannot get over the way trump described frederick douglass
david blaine starves self of attention for 33 days
neighbor bragging about 20-pound box he fedexed
skip the haunted houses, take a digital tour of abandoned buildings instead
5 genius inventions that make it possible to nap pretty much anywhere
the soul's ingredients: the secret to summoning your soulmate
american women take gold, silver and bronze in first-ever paralympic triathlon
classified america
don't roll out the red carpet for vietnam's autocratic leader
know what weird thing a man did with a mannequin? it's fark weird news quiz time!
woman going to take quick break after filling out name, address on tax forms
republicans give in right before obamacare would have been repealed
men whose beautiful wives died on christmas 10 years ago announce plans to drink whiskey alone in dark apartment
caitlyn jenner's transition is far from average:  why that matters
donald trump's dr. oz gambit makes mockery of transparency norms
the science-backed ways that  movement boosts your mood
florence henderson wanted carol brady to have a job
un chief warns trump not to ditch iran nuclear deal
sean penn seeks to sanction lee daniels over tactics in defamation fight
uncertainty about hillary clinton's health is on the rise, poll finds
barbaric fifth grader gouges paper onto binder ring without so much as hole punch
black fashion designers are finally getting their moment in the spotlight
melania trump hosts state dinner in stunning black shroud of shrieking crows
a megadrought looms, and we can't just wait for more rain to stop it
dozens arrested as progressive activists disrupt tax vote in final show of defiance
concert spent constantly verifying presence of coat-check ticket in pocket
ted cruz didn't disclose goldman sachs loan during senate campaign
congress establishes bill suggestion hotline
man going to take edge off with decades-long slide into alcoholism
swans in committed relationship barely ever arch necks into heart shape anymore
the corgi fan art that will melt your pop culture-loving heart
an optical illusion makes lake sørvágsvatn look absolutely trippy
parents debate: should you send your kids to camp?
19 adorable doggie save-the-dates for when you're having a ruff day
day 2: mosel riesling, how divine
bush seeking non-masturbating surgeon general
trump unable to produce certificate proving he's not a festering pile of shit
man spends entire weekend binge-watching neighbor
jeff ross asked selena gomez for advice on roasting justin bieber
using special nails to save roofs — and dollars
area man growing a little tired of rushing home to hug loved ones
hands-free tech like siri can be dangerous for drivers, study says
eight must-reads for fashionistas
ariana grande randomly licks donuts she didn't buy before proclaiming, 'i hate america'
wild truck water-bead stunt ends with child endangerment charge
browns' josh gordon to enter rehab
unidentified wooden pole leaning against garage wall
7 common misconceptions about the hebrew bible
aclu stresses that it legal to film garbage men in all 50 states if you really need to
middle-aged man having best snacks of his life
trevor noah mockingly praises trump's 'right racism' of 'pocahontas' slur
friend hosting super bowl party confirms there still plenty of room on floor
loud fake laugh misinterpreted as loud real laugh in critical sarcasm miscalculation
area teen smoking like he's been to fucking war or something
berlin christmas market attack suspect killed in shootout in italy, official says
parenting: the ultimate juggling act
this poet's chilling take on black death is heartbreakingly true
nation's ivy leaguers share hearty laugh that dartmouth grad thinks she can talk shit on anyone
man old enough to know how rest of life pretty much plays out
white house announces obamacare exchange now only accessible from single kiosk in remote iowa cornfield
mom on vacation marveling at time difference compared to home
jared kushner mercilessly mocked over reported security clearance downgrade
ellen recruits hollywood's biggest lgbtq stars to pay tribute to obama
department-store santa told to push chinaware
paul ryan says he and steve bannon are 'different kinds of conservatives'
excitement shifts to concern after coworker brings baked goods into office for fourth consecutive day
hillary clinton shows support for anti-muslim ban protesters
the people paradox
body donated to religion
thwarting of arch nemesis leaves sky commander feeling empty
teachers and politicians mount final push to keep betsy devos away from public schools
read the letter barack obama left donald trump upon leaving office
peyton manning goes to graduation, starts throwing passes to seniors
passport robot tells man of asian descent his eyes are too closed
nun with a chainsaw clears hurricane irma debris like a pro
the internet and social media: how to disconnect
cam newton thanks panthers fans after nfc championship season
why should you feel threatened by the greeting card industry?
nation's parents announce they have zero fucking patience for this bullshit
look: the magical world of tarot
area man does indeed belong at applebee's
gop lawmaker stands by claim that islam is 'a cancer' in america
fema recommends americans always have go-bag packed in case past finally catches up with them
the truth about being 40
'please don't feed the poor' campaign catching on
man somehow thinks he doesn't have enough alone time
nurse to grab lunch right after she finishes draining bile from man's liver
jindal: westboro baptist members who protest funerals face arrest
miami-dade county bans styrofoam from parks, beaches
the white house won't say whether donald trump played golf. here's why.
content could be hotter, more social
netflix receives 10 emmy nominations for season 4 of 'wings'
a single mother's truth
dysfunctional family statistically average
teen breaks rules in socially accepted ways
ugh, this a place where bartenders wear bow tie
'new york times' reader stoked after noticing article penned by favorite reporting duo
two-month freelance gig posted in 'careers' section of company's website
trump team to tim kaine: we're not unhinged, you are!
dead facebook friend from high school still has cartman profile picture
clinton tosses unpledged superdelegate in trunk of car
get more sleep: sure, when i'm dead
wellesley college removes phrase 'hot all-girl action' from school brochure
20 unspoken rules of urban lesbians
child's loose grasp on balloon only thing between peace and anarchy at restaurant
actress shamed for wearing red to golden globes responds to critics
sales of chamomile tea, gas masks up sharply
'i want to be with someone else,' says woman who must think 3-time hyundai sales leaders grow on trees
david brooks urges republicans: don't settle for cruz
two dacamented dreamers, in alaska and texas, on fighting to stay home
un confirms aid convoy bombed in syria near aleppo
here's more evidence that trump's 'poll truthers' are wrong
man's obituary accompanied by photo of him dressed as wizard
skittish juniors-department clerk calls security again
sun myung moon funeral to be all weird, sources report
attention solicitor general: two more powerful arguments against king v burwell
conservationist known for exposing ivory & rhino trade stabbed to death
donald trump's biggest gop critics are very, very, very sad
new domino's app allows customer to track pizza's movement through digestive system
nipsey russell estate releases volume of previously unpublished couplets
sat found to be biased in favor of non-hungover
donald trump made the nicest ad for new travel ban in 'conan' spoof
anonymous source informs bob woodward he hasn't been relevant in 40 years
trump casually mills about supreme court changing rooms ahead of state of the union address
drink me now: tomatoes
13 times celebrities got real about mental health
leftover christmas billboard stirs seasonally inappropriate emotion
the best hotel getaways for valentine's day
ferocious rat refuses to let hungry snake steal rat pup
condom indicted on 400 million counts of spermicide
wal-mart greeter at death's door
congress not sure what it did to make trump think it wouldn't roll over for whatever he wants in syria
bernie sanders' health care bill is a huge win for the abortion rights movement
thank-you note passive-aggressive
anchor ad-libs news with 97 percent accuracy
man completely blindsided by seemingly normal stranger telling him to 'have a blessed day'
as yahoo roils, martha nelson stays focused on media
vape flavor ban threatens san francisco's legacy of harm reduction
'that seems about right,' says soon-to-be-audited man
online activists unsure about offensiveness of article, figure they'll destroy author's life just in case
glasses are the new it accessory
trump boys forge father's signature on letters they wrote excusing them from any more testifying
trump warns israel new settlements 'may not help'  peace process
now that man has heard about barack obama, he sees references to him all over the place
where is offense?
fbi raids fridge
how to educate the next generation of googlers: two lessons from the white house science fair
second-grader likes to save purple pills for last
cackling trump reveals to dinner guests they've all just eaten single piece of his tax returns
the big smooch: start the new year with a movie kiss
cbs picks up nbc nightly news
scott walker does a number on his job numbers
nation not sure how to describe mark
twitter's latest anti-troll measure is perfectly timed
woman claims she had miscarriage after cop used stun gun against her
mean buffoon is unpopular: poll
clown looked a lot different in online profile photo
how women and girls cope with getting their periods in refugee camps
let's deemphasize people's motivations behind advocacy and volunteering
ramadan reflection day 7: prayers for the people of burma's concentration camps
executive fascinated by electrician's lunch
grandson's jigsaw puzzle strategy fucking pathetic
'it's simply bursting with creative wonder,' says reviewer of new game where mario sometimes dresses as chef
5 labor day escapes that are totally worth the money
in iran and north korea, trump is playing with nuclear fire
impossible to tell if frazzled woman in walgreens uniform going to or coming from work
watchdog agency at dhs to review implementation of trump's muslim ban
video proves there are no 'routine' traffic stops for black people
dallas ebola nurse slams hospital, claims they used her for pr
white house running out of paintings to cover spots where obama has punched through wall
almost half of world heritage sites are threatened, report finds
guy on racetrack p.a. sounds a little depressed today
here are a bunch of people donald trump has criticized instead of neo-nazis
white house blocks seahawks punt
elizabeth banks posts aca-amazing 'pitch perfect 2' cast photo
eulogy filled with pro-christian propaganda
xabraxian astronomers discover new planet
what a pair of boots taught me about parenting and fads
'it's complicated': how i learned to fend off that question
chinese tv show canceled after drawing only 180 million viewers
allowing your children to fail will help them succeed
with next term looming, supreme court justices mull new cases
30 reasons to give thanks to horses
chris harrison says he doesn't have time to 'hate-watch' 'unreal'
5 single parent dating tips
mike pompeo's anti-gay views should disqualify him
insane man gets a little perspective by reminding himself that he is god
r.l. stine releases 'goosebumps' titles his publisher rejected
this n.j. county has housed all of its homeless veterans
120,000 adoptions for a no-kill animal shelter
pregnant woman killed in propecia-handling incident
republicans humiliate boehner, tee-up next week's national crisis
judge compares trans student's case to america's greatest civil rights battles
john urschel on why kids shouldn't play football until high school
restaurant hostess loses job to 'please seat yourself' sign
u.s. refuses to allow u.n. weapons inspectors back into iraq
5 strange 'simpsons' things you haven't seen, even after 30 years
alan colmes' death goes unreported on hannity & colmes
grieving couple finds different ways to use stroller
report: 92% of divorced parents get back together if children ask enough times
letters to california mosques praise donald trump, promise genocide
alito keeps telling supreme court how they did things in circuit court
congress puts aside partisan differences for good of military contractors
mom gathers rolls of wrapping paper around her to stroke softly
police officer goes extra mile for kid whose elf on the shelf got stolen
ho ho no -- 5 reasons there's no santa in our christmas
nypd arrests down for second week
area mom raving about phoenix airport
little girl attempts to play with game boy, flabbergasted by lack of touchscreen
masochistic toilet craving hot piss
jews, muslims, hindus agree on chicken
half-asleep man pauses 20 minutes between socks
here's a genius way to respond to anti-semitism
new report finds moving to isolated seaside cottage greatly increases productivity
'harry potter' actor dave legeno dead after hiking in death valley
4-year-old's optimism just making things worse for area family
ben carson says college protests against racism could spark 'anarchy'
netflix's 'casting jonbenét' doesn't have any answers, but it's not trying to crack the case
15 cnn ireporters killed in afghanistan
disney reveals that every disney movie takes place in single, unified universe
the abcs of parenting today, with a hipster twist
how to add, delete, and modify your way to happiness
gop senator lindsey graham: caitlyn jenner is 'welcome in my party'
how indigenous people are exploring many shades of redd
peak inequality: investigating the lack of diversity among tv directors
what dad wants for father's day according to 9 real dads
'straight outta compton' hits top of the box office on opening weekend
this dog in brazil probably plays soccer way better than you
22-year-old broke, homeless 10 days after taking control of own finances
house lawmakers brainstorming some good things to say about poor people before meeting pope francis
bear's plan to break into man's home foiled by cat door
i'm young and healthy: why do i need an advance health care directive?
no, drake and serena williams are still not engaged
government no longer even bothering to hide halliburton favors
even prison officials want to curb solitary confinement
a ref's favorite team? i love 'em all
third-party candidate forms exploratory committee to see who can cover shifts for him in coming months
drag and burlesque performers outraged with facebook
hillary clinton: from symbolism to specifics
frustrated obama writes letter to his congressman about need for gun control
this is how we know daca didn't cause the border crisis
netanyahu: playing us for fools
death withdraws icy hand from shoulder of caroline kennedy
why did contraception stop being common ground in the abortion wars?
getting married to a guy with kids is 'pretty freaking intimidating'
how to splurge without derailing your weight loss
woman masturbates to concept of commitment
nyc park officials finally get around to replacing dead light bulbs in statue of liberty's eyes
california just made it easier to fire bad teachers
calls to lgbtq mental health hotlines rise after trump's anti-transgender action
report: iraq war keeping thousands out of unemployment line
naacp demands less minority representation on upn
christian weightlifter bends iron bar to show power of god's love
new snack chip evades digestive system, burrows straight into heart
cornered trump could go nuclear at debate, defies calls to quit race over vulgar video
former refugee fights for her dream to abolish female genital mutilation in somalia
d.c. authorities struggling to keep squatters out of empty state department
emerald nuts, roland peppers recalled for possible glass contamination
shrinking majority of americans supports marijuana legalization
an eye-opening look at school playgrounds around the world
police in ferguson let high-profile journalists go while charging regular folks with crimes
clinton campaign asks cnn to stock dressing room with 4 pounds of flavorless protein paste
campus tour guide just needs to make stop to change out laundry really quick
faa assures public: air travel 'pretty safe'
5th-grade teacher can already tell kids about to go apeshit for ending of 'the giver'
handing out pills, getting drunk: new allegations surface against trump's va pick
iranian team openly working on bomb in negotiating room
how to navigate high school as an out transgender student
sec commissioner: we shouldn't be promoting investor confidence
delayed rocket launch causes astronaut to miss connecting flight
fbi declassifies j. edgar hoover's extensive file on the munster family
poll: duckworth lead over kirk shrivels
coworkers each putting in herculean effort to sustain conversation for entire commute
there were some things to cheer in donald trump's wild press conference
looking back at my first psychotic break: my speech at thresholds' gala in chicago
inclement weather prevents liar from getting to work
scientists discover 6,000-year-old stain
real-life stranger on a train less interesting than hitchcock version
cardinals host going-away party at pope's favorite vatican city dive bar
idea of doing nothing until next mass shooting quickly gaining traction in congress
former trump advisor carter page found dumb in d.c. hotel room
report: 99% of employees would use boss as human shield in event of workplace attack
man under mistaken impression he his own harshest critic
kevin hart wore 'all black for a reason' at the oscars
joe biden: institutional racism is the problem, not the 1994 crime bill
why donald trump may be good for america
nation's grandfathers to receive annual shipment of $2 bills from u.s. treasury
mike pence drapes shawl over immodest lady justice statue
mayim bialik is 'very sorry' for her controversial weinstein op-ed
apple releases brief, fleeting moment of excitement
french foreign ministry calls on french nationals to leave libya
u.s. delegation visits myanmar to invest in community-based businesses
finding the answer that's been there all along: how to discover the direction with wings
critics blast al gore's documentary as 'realistic'
area man pretty sure it's not broken
biden requests to be named special envoy to reno
this 14-year-old cellist is making her mark in classical music
dozens of endangered seals wash up dead, starving on california beaches
13 things that will make you panic when you enter your late 20s
new documents show pompeo failed to disclose additional business ties to china
bloated obama delivers press conference from couch behind podium
from the steps of the united states supreme court
recovery expressions that blew my mind
50 best workplaces for diversity
5 money lessons to teach our daughters
suspect captured in 'ambush-style attacks' on iowa police officers
heartbreaking rubio campaign email just asks supporters to send something to make him smile
janet jackson reportedly splits from wissam al mana
every family member's birthday now marred by some tragedy
wrestling announcer can't believe what he's seeing
gay conversion therapists claim most patients fully straight by the time they commit suicide
kasparov de-rezzed
hollywood mourns the loss of legendary comedian jerry lewis
area dad wants to watch new blu-ray of 'spring breakers' by himself
roommate, girlfriend never seem to have sex
general mills releases tiny toast, its first new cereal in 15 years
is moderation just an excuse to eat crap?
bruno mars confirms he will funk you up at the super bowl
miss nude america loses title after appearing clothed in woman's day
guantanamo bay begins construction on senior care wing
comey suddenly realizes entire book just a subconscious defense mechanism to hide his true feelings
breaking: israelites in sinai suddenly achieve freedom from pharaoh -- good times forecast
all-dad blues band a critical disappointment
putin under fire over ukraine at g-20 summit
isis struggling to narrow down gop debate sound bites for new recruitment video
exciting new app allows users to be pawns in 26-year-old ceo's little game
u.s. appeals ruling against trump's revised travel ban to higher court
morbidly obese pumpkin wins contest
media ethics: whose standards?
'hoodie monks' use hip hop to impart buddhist wisdom
woman had no idea participating in 5k walk could be so unrewarding
google's 9/11 homepage design stirs controversy
there was no audio, so we captioned the trump and putin meeting
a protester somehow managed to disrupt donald trump's rnc speech
travel mug regales other mugs with stories from road
harvey has broken records on tornado warnings every day so far
unusually level-headed, charismatic lichen species named after obama
whatsapp to phase out subscription fees
fda recommends at least 3 servings of foods with word 'fruit' on box
'game of thrones' running out of unkempt old men to cast
after highs and lows of 2016, make 2017 a better year for women & girls
international travel: opera, luxurious lodging and great food in venice, italy
ohio state university attack leaves 11 injured
man given points for trying increases total trying points to 643,457
this type of breast cancer is more deadly for black women
kylie jenner is celebrating her 18th birthday at a beach club in canada
clinton delivers stump speech in moscow warehouse in effort to appeal to russian hackers
candlelight vigilante takes commemorating into own hands
still no drinking water in ohio's 4th largest city
saving the world's last 3 northern white rhino
the same-sex marriage decision: what to make of the dissenters
judge says scotus same-sex marriage ruling doesn't apply to puerto rico
obama: 'hillary will fight to protect my legacy, even the truly detestable parts'
tom bosley named secretary of naps
report: morbid curiosity now accounts for 79% of nation's snack food purchases
that's fine, area girlfriend to see 'anna karenina' when visiting mom over christmas
'it's not too late to reverse the alarming trend of climate change,' scientists who know it's too late announce
a ray of hope for lesbian veteran denied burial next to wife?
a poem i wrote after my parents told me i'm on the autism spectrum
donald trump promised ten of these things, guess which one he actually did
how to fall in love, again -- with your spouse
bitcoin bowl and the disruption of fiat currency
fidelity matches some ira contributions
ben higgins and lauren bushnell on the 'bachelor' buzzwords they never want to say again
'harlem shake' creators threaten legal action against fcc chairman ajit pai
brazil's senate votes to remove president dilma rousseff from office
gay rights leader lookin' good
mosquito- and tick-borne diseases have tripled, but the cdc won't say it's climate change
weinstein scandal inspires models to share stories of abuse in their industry
arne duncan spends visit to local elementary school looking at ufo books in library
daily meditation: spark creativity
teen disfigured by catcaller's pipe attack
physics t.a. not born in u.s.
laura ingraham claims protesting parkland students don't have enough gun knowledge to criticize nicholas cruz
mike pence horrified by d.c. cherry trees flagrantly displaying reproductive organs
why it's hard to be a woman
vladimir putin begins second term as whatever he is
unsuspecting movie stars follow fake red carpet into back of kidnappers' van
restaurant's nacho challenge requires participants to watch man consume 3 pounds of nachos
coworker with two computer screens not fucking around
delta pilot refuses to land until gun control legislation passed
marriage counselor encourages woman to take on numerous sexual partners while husband at work
house gop announces lawyer for obama lawsuit
abraham lincoln's dna now available over the counter
bruno mars takes home coveted 'least threatening artist' award at 2018 grammys
senatorial candidate challenges opponent to drop out of race
area dad points out place that has great reuben sandwiches
trump adds volatility to a long history of north korean threats
dog experiences best day of his life for 400th consecutive day
blowing smoke at global warming
rustic italian village just killing time between wedding feasts
half of abortion clinics in ohio have closed in the past 4 years
paintball team visits vietnam memorial
penn state fined record $2.4 million over sandusky case
aly raisman thinks 175 years for larry nassar is 'not enough'
car bomber given shittiest possible car
300 naked women feared lost in computer crash
jetblue is offering $49 flights in an awesome, 2-day flash sale
tuesday's morning email: inside the gop health care and immigration order overhauls
taylor swift apparently now dating 'garfield' creator jim davis
judge aaron persky cleared of misconduct in stanford sex assault case
target range under fire from community members
scenes from a drunken huddle of angry white men
chris hemsworth deputizes hunk to assume 'sexiest man alive' duties in his absence
drug paraphernalia visible in photo of missing cat
michael dukakis wakes up not angry for first time since 1988 election
is the lgbtq community separated by gender and race? (video)
here's how a terrorist's son became a peace activist
teach for america celebrates 3 decades of helping recent graduates pad out law school applications
man confronts n.j. officer searching van apparently without permission
instead of thoughts and prayers, oregon passes new gun safety law
fleshlighthouse guides weary sailors home to realistic vaginal texture
will smith: the black man everyone at work can agree on
new 'aspershirt' relieves torso pain
nation's sisters issue annual report on dealing with dad
medicaid expansion tied to employment among people with disabilities
savion glover taps his way out of another speeding ticket
here's what it's like to be somebody who hates everyone and everything
lucky charms' new marshmallow piece is the magical unicorn head
borrowers pay sky-high rates in a subprime bubble for used cars
trump's controversial pick for doj civil rights chief appears headed for confirmation
wall street journal lays off 150 stipple-portrait artists
'hot 'n' nasty butt cum chixx' to appear as 'creative concepts' on credit-card bill
'i was the one who slept with stormy daniels,' says sonny perdue in desperate attempt to serve as trump's fall guy
the intervention of richard spencer and the alt-right
gay bishop announces divorce
'candy land' screenwriter under impression fans counting on him to get this right
tv show under fire for depicting murder
ben affleck slurs words defending his one true love, tom brady
this new orange era: the growing divide
donald trump's plan to deport undocumented immigrants 'to be determined': aide
zoo animals roam free after flooding in tbilisi
syrian refugees halted by trump's travel ban make long-awaited reunion with family
gerber recalls 60,000 jars of baby poison
katie holmes catches the train at penn station in a ballgown
kashmir: when is the farewell to violence?
bearded lady cleans up real nice
this woman converted her closet into an indoor garden
charlize theron meets the kill club in new 'dark places' clip
sleater-kinney just made bowie's 'rebel rebel' the political anthem of 2017
man dying from cancer spends last good day on phone with insurance company
responsible gun ownership
leah remini claims she was pressured to bring kevin james into scientology
college's new careerlink program connects students with thousands of annoyed alums
why i'm not leaving florida (yet)
study: human ability to cooperate most strongly exhibited when ordering pizza
cat notices most unexpected visitor at his door and is completely unfazed
staples threatens to fire staff for working more than 25 hours a week
dare to be 100: yes, virginia, wherever
let's raise a glass to pink for gleefully slamming the troll who hacked her instagram
states enacted more than 60 abortion restrictions in 2016
little league coach reveals creepy method for breaking in baseball mitt
stranded sailor arrested immediately after his rescue
report: dzhokhar tsarnaev left really nice thank-you note to boat owner
failure is an essential element of success
russia holds large-scale military exercises in disputed territories
jeb bush assures pipe-wielding thugs he'll have the delegates he promised them by next week
restaurants open on thanksgiving 2014
7 sci-fi writers predict the future of the olympics
dismembered nate silver found in dumpster behind gallup headquarters
sxsw apologizes for asking u.s. olympian ibtihaj muhammad to remove hijab
process and presentness: the work of israel lund
custody battle sparks couple's first-ever interest in child
paul krugman's facebook friends excitedly posting about new article he got published in 'the new york times'
proof that men and women can just be best friends
three female cartoonists open up about drawing hillary clinton
let's make tax reform a win for all
kenneth starr orders lbj exhumed for investigation of possible sexual impropriety
this designer is giving the olsen twins a run for their money
rep. jim costa re-elected in california
8 lessons for life while traveling
this is what it's like to get butt-dialed by lorne michaels
man who will pay $60,000 in medical bills this year can't afford health insurance right now
uber ceo travis kalanick stepping down from trump economic advisory council
this comedian's parenting tweets are lol-worthy
popular designer dog breed just twisted spinal cord attached to collapsed lung
firefighter who took in friend's 6 kids after he died on 9/11 gets best father's day gift ever
gop voters will probably support anyone their party nominates
casual friday claims lives of 13 nuclear-waste-disposal technicians
'twas the night before the hot dog contest...
joe wilson getting bored with no-longer-covert wife
tom daley and dustin lance black expecting first child together
how to raise kids who can 'love and be loved'
a nature vs. nurture debate: where does music taste originate?
for the love of god, let that not be an engagement ring on kylie jenner's finger
book review: dataclysm
how to handle the election this holiday season: a shout out to indiana, pennsylvania-based welcome home, a community group doing good.
dolores huerta calls out trump for treating latinos like 'newcomers'
too much expected from nap
gay alabama couple always dreamed of getting married surrounded by hostility
marco rubio avoids criticizing jeb bush after debate tussle over missed senate votes
college encourages lively exchange of idea
morton unveils individually wrapped salt grains
from athens to the u.s., this greek startup wants to make hiring easier
huffpost expands its reporting, video and audio teams with latest round of new hires
owner of independent comic book store in ohio not quite sure how he's still in business
public pension funds profit trump; possible links to shady russian business deals
seven-foot-tall animatronic rodent terrifies birthday boy
man offered cocaine by guy he met at urinal 90 seconds ago
cathedral moves sculpture because texters keep bumping into it
professor slammed to the ground by police, arrested for allegedly assaulting an officer
email from coworker trying to organize office-wide social outing so unbearably sad
we're so excited about this 'saved by the bell' pop-up restaurant
university admits chocolate milk doesn't alleviate effects of concussions
teen shot and killed months after he spoke out against gun violence
study finds chickens would have no qualms about caging, eating humans
what the entire country needs to learn from the students at mizzou
donald trump to bring adviser with russia ties to classified briefing
taylor swift's mom says groping incident 'shattered our trust'
town uglification committee approves new pile of garbage bags
g7 unable to get deposit back on shipment of 'g8 summer getaway' t-shirts
total weirdo spends mother's day at cemetery
fanatically devoted nerd could potentially turn on simon pegg at any moment
mack wilds plays a crooked cop in the new fox drama 'shots fired'
heavily processed food makes pathetic nutritional claims
pornographic website visitor chooses subscription that's right for him
gallup forced to destroy defective sample group that failed to accurately forecast michigan primary
'what's our best path to 270?' gary johnson asks campaign aides packing up office
stephen colbert explains the conspiracies against donald trump in 1 nsfw diagram
marine corps shortens slogan to 'the few'
the fbi agents tracked gabriel garcía márquez, washington post reports
cartoon donald trump assures colbert his numbers are the biggest
bush surges ahead in polls after strong showing on pommel horse
receiving thanks
hillary clinton gives emotional shoutout to daughter of slain sandy hook principal
plus-size model ashley graham lands a spot on abc's 'the year'
secretary of treasury announces plan to remove gross penny from circulation
how many of the hundreds of thousands of untested rape kits in the us are in your city?
the costs of war -- at home
parents into new snack now
trump on cabinet picks: 'i want people who made a fortune'
her modern family: four moms, four refugee kids and plenty more
kennedy center to dishonor gilbert gottfried
texas environmentalists lobby for solar-powered electric chair
man throws brisket at woman during beef at bbq fest, police say
photographer diego saldiva lived a nightmare every parent fears
lesbian hen enjoying hen house
nation doesn't know if it can take another bullshit speech about healing
russia renamed 'batshitzania'
bernie sanders: 'it is not a radical idea' to ask for a $15 minimum wage
avoiding popular songs somehow accomplishment for local man
man returning from vacation settles on single concise anecdote he'll tell everyone who asks
watch this cat lose its mind after faced with an optical illusion
report: one in five women training to be yoga instructors
someone edited 'the last jedi' to make a 'chauvinist cut' without women
parents reveal the wackiest items on their kids' santa lists
why we should tip service workers generously
china slaughters population to control flu outbreak
5 bad behaviors from the past that are now totally common
a great read for a new year
u.s. middlemen demand protection from being cut out
james comey's book pre-sold almost 200,000 copies, source says
bleary-eyed, stuporous houseguest assures host that he slept great
area throat-clearer to go see movie
geo group whistleblower exposes first amendment violations, lack of officer training, and poor conditions at the adelanto detention center
conservative acquaintance annoyingly not racist
report: americans waste enough food each year to give over 1 billion third world residents diabetes
local woman considers telling gynecologist whole truth
u.n. address ends in tragedy as ahmadinejad suffers third degree burns from malfunctioning pyrotechnics
oregon's new travel video may inspire acid trips more than vacations
dad explains obamacare
new evidence suggests president george washington sent woodcut of penis to secretary
will police unions battle houses of worship or seek reconciliation?
23 incredible benefits of getting more sleep
how artists are transforming detroit
lin manuel miranda and ben platt join forces for ultimate broadway mashup
scott bakula turns 43, newspaper reports
perverted creep keeps asking women what they're wearing
science teacher struggles to justify showing total recall
dj khaled was 'talking mogul talk' with arianna huffington at white house correspondents' dinner
the dubai film festival diaries: a classy end to a life-changing event
mexico makes a 'risky' last-ditch attempt to save the vaquita, the world's smallest porpoise
breaking: aclu hard as a fucking rock right now
you're hired! change the process to fill the gender gap so women in tech win
bernie sanders says hillary clinton should cut ties with clinton foundation if elected
cellmate tired of suge knight's constant stories of '90s rap beefs
local couple needs to talk
49ers stunned in ot loss to chargers
third desperate, unsolicited email to tenuous business contact should do the trick
americans' respect for police soars to highest point in 50 years, survey finds
trump administration may use executive authority to tweak obamacare's rules
local newswoman's hairstyle reported on by co-anchor
nation's sports fans shocked by truth about 'we will rock you' anthem
rangers disgusted by prince fielder leaving chewed-up bats all over dugout
millions of american lips called to service in fight against poverty
the surprising way your name can give away your age
area spoon only rinsed for past 18 months
historical archives: one may now toil from home
trump campaign alumni start group focused on voter registration and fraud
ben carson tormented by periodic rational thoughts
within days of taking office, trump set the stage for his current crisis
the whitewashing of james brown
drug use by jerry garcia down 85 percent
controversial congressman touts iowa 'peasant hunt' with donald trump jr.
the missing link: moving beyond first-level solutions to women's leadership
amc bob hope retrospective ready to go
dermatologists recommend regularly checking body for screaming demonic face bulging out of skin
las vegas sands pays $9 million to end sec probe into china, macau
pope condemns violence against women
family, friends concerned after peyton manning wanders away from pocket
kevin hart humors woman who thinks he's chris rock
the most wtf moments from men's new york fashion week
chinese for lunch
guy with kids to have more kids
man turns vegetarian for 36 hours
tommy wiseau is about to star in another weird movie. here's what to expect.
dozens killed in ethiopia after stampede at protest
another times square 'spider-man' arrested
2-year-old neil degrasse tyson pens awesome birthday thank you
decades of blasts in middle east beginning to expose earth's mantle
was there a villain in the 2014 election?
area cow doesn't suspect a thing
a christian apology to jewish people at passover and easter
is putting a plastic container in the microwave really that bad?
confusing insult awkwardly clarified
toddler imitates irish dancer for adorable street performance duet
you need to watch this toddler reenact 'the fresh prince of bel-air' intro
go-getter eliminates two steps from grieving process
savings passed on to local woman
couple spends morning at farmers market verbalizing everything that comes into field of vision
i'm going to the women's march on washington for my daughters and young girls everywhere
john edwards pays $30 to register edwards2016.com just in case
house republicans unveil bill to repeal obamacare
the most delicious (and grossest) hangover remedies, ranked
22 terrifying and magical capabilities someone has when you fall for them
man pulling in $1,000 per month has nerve to complain about minimum wage laws
redford to re-digitize ordinary people, improve space battle
here are all the 2017 grammy winners
8 things you didn't know about katy perry
pepsi super bowl ad raises worldwide pepsi-awareness .00000000001 percent
5 ways to outsmart the supermarket and lose weight
child therapist excited to actually be seeing patient with psychological issues
freudian physical therapist convinced dream actually about knee
california's best answer to prison overcrowding
pope francis packs swimming vestments just in case there pool at hotel
historical inaccuracy found in wild west strip show
the best rooftop bars in the u.s.
where the money went: trump details fundraising for vets
libyans agree to come up with something for qaddafi to do all day in exchange for him leaving
trump and china risk sparking dangerous middle east arms race
learning to lose in argentina
nasa announces future shuttle launches will be sudden and without warning
general nathan bedford forrest versus the ku klux klan
buttons just don't disappear, reports woman on hands and knees
new audubon report finds 78% of female birds sexually harassed by stranger exposing colorful plumage
the world war ii-era women who broke up the disney boys' club
resourceful man able to cobble together bad mood from handful of minor annoyances
my mom's favorite color
let's not lose sight of the real problems at mizzou
latino voters crucial to passing environmental laws: report
a sikh american writes to donald trump
elton john announces retirement — but will perform a long, long goodbye tour
prison riot in mexico leaves 52 dead
new york state inches closer to single-payer plan with pickup of new support
lea delaria gets candid about her wild tour days, sex with younger women and turning 60
sylville smith's father blames himself for being 'wrong role model'
here are some of the best photos from obama's trips to the 50 states
20 meditation tips for beginners
dog doesn't realize he just graduated
'american crime' creator john ridley tackles sexual assault on campuses
survivalist sentenced to death for murder of pennsylvania state trooper
more 2016 candidates' private numbers, brought to you by trump
horde of orange monsters exits local tanning salon
'quantico' star's ode to fried chicken will brighten your day
san diego zoo acquires chinese man
all of the wacky and wonderful royal wedding memorabilia you can buy
why banning hate groups won't end them
looking for love and acceptance: dating while trans in america
old faithful brutally beaten to death by group of teens
study: 38 percent of people not actually entitled to their opinion
report: iran's supreme leader sent obama a secret letter
toddler unsettled by whatever possessed her to bite friend's face
huffpost rise: what you need to know on april 20
mom's viral video sums up the first pregnancy vs. the rest of them
between an uncertain duterte and trump and a powerful china, vietnam sees stability in asean
ghost of alvah roebuck enjoying the hell out of sears' decline
your career - paved road or tall grass?
we just can't back donald trump, 30 former gop lawmakers say in letter
van's rocking motion discourages would-be knocker
[not] cooking off the cuff: new ideas from sicily and naples
twitter now revoking verified profiles that break its new rules
guest given air mattress that will slowly deflate throughout night
7 things my intergenerational office taught me about friendship
new york city makes overdose reversal drug available without a prescription
you won't be seeing any gallup polls this primary season
desktop zen rock garden thrown at assistant
lena dunham dings woody allen
'little book of big ideas' is smaller than a safety pin, wiser than you
sen. dick lugar placed on congressional disabled list with strained hamstring
napkinless man with grease-covered fingers realizes he trapped in a prison of his own creation
white to attend boat show
undertaker's last few embalmings before summer vacation always a little sloppy
michele bachmann announces bid to be discussed more than she deserves in 2012
rain told to go away in 1986 returns
amy schumer makes it official with her new chef boyfriend
republicans retain majority in household
samsung to halt global sales, exchanges of galaxy note 7
how your favorite artists might play with thanksgiving dinner
plan to make snacks last through opening credits fails
folk art museum acquires rare visitor
the gop on immigration: life imitating satire -- and vice versa
house chaplain delivers soulful prayer for god to save weak-ass, flip-flopping speakers who wound up looking like dipshits in front of everyone
black women bishops are making history in this predominantly white church
russian plane broke up at high altitude, official says
diabetic 8-year-old throws worst birthday party ever
trevor noah says the scary truth about trump's rumored love child
permanent white house staff on edge about the 2016 presidential race
this sweet (and sexy) adult coloring book is a gay valentine treat
canon 5d mark iv dslr preview video
jpso arrests girlfriend of man slain by jefferson deputies in new orleans
a "peace community" tries nonviolent resistance in colombia
'on fleek' viral star peaches monroee just launched her own hair line
video shows the heartbreak of loving someone with alzheimer's
why i'm still #teamlogan even after the 'gilmore girls' revival
medicine has an unhealthy gender pay gap
joy reid's hacking claims look increasingly unlikely
content marketing must evolve to marketing content, or else
microbrewer trying to work dog into name of new seasonal beer
wednesday's morning email: what you missed last night in trump's state of the union
cancer doesn't care how we vote
'we are the same blood': the invisible lives of india's dalit women
asshole even shoots pool like an asshole
the importance of partnerships: why business and higher ed need each other
honest parents share their hilarious confessions
after boy is killed by gator at disney, his hometown unites to support family
monaco residents terrified to walk through penthousing projects
toys 'r' us sign triggers pavlovian shrieking response in child
nobody in ukraine notices absence of government
t.j. maxx job application just asks prospective employees how much they plan to  shoplift
'i don't feel safe calling the police': new yorkers march against police violence
lone man tries to take on a crowd of looters in ferguson
a millennial perspective on concur's new app center
lady gaga is a rock god on cover of new single 'perfect illusion'
john legend responds to wgn america's 'underground' cancellation
5 key essentials needed for business success
accidentally closing browser window with 23 tabs open presents rare chance at new life
art major to stop capitalizing name
man to continue slowly drifting into middle of restaurant until host redirects him
ashley graham is done with the 'too fat, too thin' debate
what comes next? rockwell reminds us
biden lines up sweet summer gig installing above-ground swimming pools
republican senator asks if trump is recanting his oath of office
lawyers confirm trump willing to answer all of sean hannity's questions about russia collusion
gina haspel nervously rubs lucky prisoner's foot during cia director confirmation hearing
umpqua community college wasn't exactly a 'gun-free zone'
khloe kardashian thanks fans for their 'patience,' resumes website and app content
the troubling trend behind california's measles outbreak
chained pen yearns to visit rest of bank
my life in soaps
obama again extends troop presence in afghanistan
woman with low self-esteem boosts area man's self-esteem
ebola can stay in survivors' semen way longer than expected
how depression inspired this woman's career choice
cultural gems we bet you've never heard of
do you need a country? here is one!
vin diesel will finally kiss car in 'fast & furious 6'
philanderer taken back
charlize theron once invited president obama to a strip club, as one does
vocalist leaves journey tribute band over creative differences
it's time to take a stand against trump
transit authority pledges to double number of out-of-service buses by 2006
decorative throw pillow positively aching for a quick plump
22-year-old fuck complains of age discrimination
boundless - today's buddha doodle
chipotle is making big changes but nobody really cares
study: use of phrase 'don't skimp on the' linked to heart disease
ann landers' advice arrives 11 weeks too late
mom calmly emptying dishwasher as if shrieking argument didn't happen 10 minutes ago
study: 83% of web content unfit for human consumption
the religious imagery stitched throughout the 2018 met gala
listen up, girlfriends: we need each other
man with 3 kids going to make great father someday
study links clinical depression to getting dunked on
poll workers overhear biden repeating phrase 'banged her' while reading names on ballot
nyt column asserts: us colleges stink
stories of lamar odom's kindness pour in from around the nba
sources: c'mon, just give us the goddamn pulitzer already
the one scene that sets 'apes' apart from other blockbusters
friend wondering if you can catch him up on what happened in previous 7 seasons during 'game of thrones' title sequence
sales of ivanka trump products surged last month
what gop hopefuls think of tom cotton's iran bombing claim
heartbreaking video shows starving polar bear on warming canadian island
miracle overpass issues mysterious stream of urine
how not to defend the humanities
pizza hut unveils new cheese-stuffed delivery boy
report: female interns earn only three-fourths of college credit that male counterparts do
severe allergic reaction causes florida to swell up to twice normal size
the white house isn't going to respond to petition to arrest donald trump
new roommates attempt to find manly way of saying good night
the one scandal the trump white house can't lie its way out of
the best rent the runway dresses for bridesmaids
employee returns from vacation refreshed, ready to waste time
traditional campaign tactics are basically a waste of time, new study concludes
sci-fi geek only hangs out with models
5 ways to reduce your graduate school student debt
podiatrist a jerk
following death of adam yauch, grieving china frees tibet
u.s. military defends controversial decision to test kilauea volcano on hawaiian civilians
sudanese elephant trying to forget
study finds all-consuming self-pity best way to win back ex-partner
amazon admits alexa device eavesdropped on portland family
guy riding atv has really been looking forward to breaking his neck on wooded trail
john boehner explains why he's suing obama again
man allegedly punches disabled veteran over a service dog
you won't be able to unsee benedict cumberbatch imitating an otter
paddle into history in the first los angles river boat race
american universities opening up shop in china -- sino-foreign joint education ventures
judge declares aerobics instructor too fit to stand trial
13 irish baby boy names in time for st. patrick's day
intact benetton shirt miraculously pulled from bangladesh rubble weeks later
nra ad director still searching for right sinister music to play over footage of high schoolers
no one is talking about this terrible outcome of the gop health plan
hillary clinton eviscerates donald trump in her best speech yet
here's what happened when i slept for an extra hour each night
maxine linehan challenges bono, beach boys, and pride of ireland in interpretation of 'beautiful songs'
autopsy reveals that former nhl player todd ewen did not have cte
leaving your dream: tedx talk
report: former microsoft ceo agrees to buy clippers for $2 billion
bassnectar debuts two new hard-hitting tracks, talks new album 'unlimited'
there's way too much cuteness in this new dog-rating twitter feed
heineken apologizes for racist ad with new special-release 'blacks only' beer
jimmy stewart: 'please god, i want to live again'
ryan seacrest nervous about how audiences will respond to slightly shorter haircut
iraqi boy drowns after boat carrying migrants sinks in danube river
mall pastry shop takes oscar for best cinnabontography
a second act: interview with author lesley kagen
class of 2014, we've come a long way
prince george and princess charlotte steal the show at the royal wedding
james franco responds to sexual misconduct allegations
5 (easy, fun) tips to prevent summer slide
in detroit some things change; too much stays the same
queen elizabeth hoping she dies before having to knight any djs
humiliated man discovers embroidery on his jean pockets
world-weary man bitterly rents mercury rising
report: stagnant economy forcing more americans to take jobs as infrastructure
drunk guy knows all the lyrics to this song
what's it like making a terrence malick movie? we asked 'knight of cups' star freida pinto
donald trump suggests hillary clinton's bodyguards should stop protecting her
report: caucasians will soon be a minority in their own goddamn country
factory farm chicken rounds out miserable existence by going bad in man's refrigerator
israeli ambassador explains netanyahu's statements on potential palestinian state
for someone who says he hates making predictions, trump sure makes a lot of them
all-business adult in halloween shop beelines it straight for pinhead mask
kfc introduces new boneless ceo
historical archives: weekley duel results
california lt. governor gavin newsom should run for president
cnn contributor compares trump campaign to (gulp) chris farley's death
word origins as comics: what makes the news easy to swallow
what olympic swimmer ryan lochte eats for breakfast will shock you
bowling green state just going to claim christopher lloyd as alumnus until someone calls them out
hillary clinton drops into detroit as democrats get nervous about black turnout
hillary clinton attempts to distance herself from the 'truly well off'
gop congressman claims kansas has more uninsured since health care reform
what the heart of a tiger looks like: faith instead of fear
evan rachel wood is finally getting paid as much as her male 'westworld' costars
las vegas review-journal staffers want to know who owns their newspaper
hamilton brouhaha
a look inside the life of the woman behind marni
suarez's bite felt strongest in uruguay
lame cyberattack on atlanta doesn't even turn atms, street sweepers into killing machines
gorsuch and rbg - the new 'odd couple'?
united airlines ceo somehow won a major pr award last month
hippocratic oath updated to include vow of loyalty to blue cross blue shield
it isn't easy being a 'humane' slaughterhouse
promotional pen covered in deadly virus
obama to impose major new regulations on offshore drilling
toyota recalls 1993 camry due to fact that owners really should have bought something new by now
dwayne 'the rock' johnson shows his nurturing side in hilarious video
teen sick of mother barging into room with clean, folded clothes
area man does most of his traveling by gurney
ed mcmahon endorses another depressing product
movie trailer perfectly captures the horrors of flying coach
voter nostalgically looks back at time he was uninformed about candidates
cdc abruptly canceled a long-planned climate summit days before trump became president
newly sworn-in north korean official wondering how he'll eventually be executed
woman on gym treadmill cranks incline up to 90 degrees
fifty shades of marina: the new literary sensation
refugees grateful for chance to see europe while being bounced from country to country
game changer: 4 reasons digital learning thwarts feelings of failure
gun stocks soar as obama announces executive actions on gun control
3 little reminders that put love into perspective
male substitute teacher with ponytail cloaked in mystery
yoga for women
even more executives come forward to defend lgbt rights
study: home rotisseries only american technological field still advancing
the wack donald's project
friday's morning email: charleston gunman planned attack for months
mike huckabee's adele parody is really something
why obama should ask congress for an isis aumf
3 tips for coping with grief during the holidays
nation's outfoxed sheriffs shake heads, throw hats in dirt
6-year-old becomes first child to complete solo ride around block
boise homemaker bows toward mecca just to see what it's like
dianne feinstein horrified after new gun control bill disintegrates immediately upon crossing into senate chamber
sad man tears 2 bananas off larger bunch
mia farrow: 'it's possible my son was fathered by frank sinatra, mario puzo, george mcgovern, robert altman, anthony perkins, milton berle, robert redford, michael caine, danny aiello, or bruce dern'
ping-pong rules adjusted for girlfriend
dog, cat and squirrel drama escalates in a hurry
'daily show' eviscerates trump's black and white view of law and order
unreasonable happiness
no one at porn site responding to area man's bad link report
exclusive: bet responds after coming under fire from journalists and publicists
'the voice' contestant records 'love letter' to kim jong-un
wow: erykah badu shares steamy sex tips
arsons at 6 black churches in st. louis area are linked
4-year-old reportedly loved trip to italy
endangered wildlife to be given new identities in species protection program
cyclist clearly loves signaling turns
new dating website helps plus-size jewish plane crash survivors find love
produce manager ready for some football
heavy rains, flooding damage thousands of homes in the south
enchilada premonition comes to pass
the 26 funniest tweets from women this week
apparently werewolf was allergic to peanuts
melania trump seeks at least $150 million in damages over report she worked as an escort
7 crazy-good recipes for sweet summer corn
man's eyes glaze over whenever politician starts threatening to plunge him into serf-like subjugation
murphy brown: still on the air?
literary study finds all modern narratives derived from classic 'alien vs. predator' conflict
john mccain not going to ask cindy mccain twice
gop tax plan estimated to add $1.7 trillion to national debt
amount of halloween candy collected down 15 percent
granny's powerful testimony through song
older trump voters say they oppose key elements of gop obamacare replacement
the woman violently assaulted in 'making a murderer' speaks out
tammy baldwin on rumors of anti-lgbtq executive order: where's ivanka now?
world war ii documentary suffused with anti-nazi undertones
dick van dyke surprises denny's patrons with impromptu performance of 'chitty chitty bang bang'
cardi b doesn't owe you anything
report: murderer who escaped in 1996 remains most successful case of prisoner reintegration
11 artists you should pay attention to next year
cop who 'loves playing with dead bodies' tickled deceased suspect: police
report: new 'the handmaid's tale' season focuses on dangers of feminism run amok
laptop guy at coffee shop nine times out of ten
joe zee talks about the least glamorous part of his job
a nurse's new year's resolution
joe biden's secret meeting could be sign of serious 2016 consideration
portrait of nude, bleeding man hung on school wall
why i launched a platform to empower survivors of bullying
historical archives: notice to the publik
sunday show hosts hit back on trump administration's lies
students send hilarious tweets to superintendent thanking him for snow day
this 'jaws' analogy did not end well for mike huckabee
ragnar from 'vikings' is going where? creator talks season 3
clear from stock music that video never meant to be watched with sound on
scientists create effective ebola vaccine, just a couple years after deadly epidemic
dogs in asia: doctors not dinner
new ad hammers trump as too impulsive to allow near the nuclear button
donald trump vows to take travel ban to the supreme court
laid-off zoologist goes on tranquilizing rampage
silvio berlusconi swears dancer was of legal age when he paid her for sex using state money
asimo tricked into falling down stairs
d23's adam sanderson sees social media, digital technology as the smart way to grow disney's official fan club
father-in-law think tank issues comprehensive one-sentence solution to immigration, unemployment, crime problems
suri cruise somehow already 11
here's how senate democrats plan to beef up domestic security after the san bernardino shooting
medical breakthrough provides elderly woman with 2 extra years of inconveniencing family
mom recommends previously unheard-of form of transportation son could take to get home
riaa bans telling friends about songs
want to be healthier? flirt more
i struggled to bond with my second son
american airlines announces it will no longer try to match seatmates by interests
fbi director wishes he had some alien thing to cover up
i wrote speeches for vice president biden. here's what it felt like.
can't bear to watch the election? the weather channel will offer an escape
man just going to assume apartment has functional carbon monoxide detector somewhere
here's why huffpost is dropping polls that rely only on landlines
the bitcoin "crisis" explained and 5 reasons it can't be killed
kenny chesney also poor man's kenny chesney
'american horror story: freak show' leak reveals big spoilers
sebastian gorka, who has downplayed threat of white supremacists, still teaches marines about terrorism
tide debuts new sour apple detergent pods
supreme court gets free box of shoes after mentioning nike in ruling
5-year-old boy faces a tough decision about his girlfriends
doctor says lover gave him poisoned, 'sweet' coffee
friday talking points -- it's raining shoes!
syrian militias armed by cia are fighting syrian militias armed by pentagon
nation surprised to realize it wants more john travolta
activists hope pope can change climate conversation in washington
last great party of life to result in first child
an unexpected heirloom
simone biles pulls the perfect face when bob costas says she just became famous
behold the first 'historically accurate' portrait of mr. darcy
over 60 dead after suicide bomber targets mourners in front of pakistan hospital
9 printable mother's day cards for procrastinators
shredding the past
guillermo del toro makes first appearance with new monster wife at venice film festival
priest regrets vow of celibacy after learning about furries
military aides try to cheer up kim jong-un after failed missile launch by putting on surprise execution
mother on trial for hitting, pinching toddler during long flight
bill gates finally getting into radiohead's kid a
these carts are letting kids with disabilities roll down the aisle in style
mad men: "the forecast" is mixed
why diseases don't exist and what really makes you sick
dick cheney's staggering iran hypocrisy explored
owner by far creepiest man in bar
new study determines the best way to discipline your teen
iowan comforts sobbing jeb bush at town hall
bush torture defender suggests obama should be impeached over bergdahl
restaurant gives totally unwanted twist to mexican cuisine
drunk birds slur their 'words' just like humans
mcconnell revs the ad machine, but...
denée benton, aka ruby on 'unreal,' is headed to broadway
new internet radio station modeled on heyday of fm radio
local man foremost expert on what the terrorists should do if they really want to hurt us
ohio governor makes desperate plea to aquaman
viagra giving hope to thousands of struggling stand-up comedians
we don't need the freedom to hate
'sicario' director denis villeneuve says he hates senseless violence in film
interim cia director assures nation he engages in no sexual activity whatsoever
paranoid oscar pistorius still thinks burglar after him
budapest protesters fight government shutdown of soros-founded university
this women pulled out all the stops to land her dream job
monopoly releases special 'regular monopoly' edition
memories of sand and sea: gush katif residents mark 10 years to disengagement
new okcupid feature alerts users when it's time to come crawling back
taiwan's pro-independence opposition leader wins presidential election
winning argument with aging parents less satisfying than it once was
study: online content creators outnumber consumers 2,000 to 1
is the two-state concept still alive in israel?
when your life clicks into place
iraqi homeowner to wait a while before re-shingling roof
guantánamo prisoners released into cheering dnc crowd
arnold schwarzenegger unveils his 'celebrity apprentice' catchphrase
busy romney sorry he missed nation's piano recital
7 ridiculously easy ways to protect your bones at any age
dog just can't stop smiling ever since she found a home
everything better now in oklahoma city
lawyer urged by mother to include younger brother in murder trial
déjà vu?
the mediterranean refugee crisis
elizabeth warren 1, wall street clown 0
trump struck by beautiful vision of what america could be while looking out over seething, screaming arizona crowd
obama administration accused of violating constitutional rights of immigrant detainees
richard dawkins: college students are betraying the free speech movement
tim burton is nostalgic for a time when 'franchise' wasn't a hollywood buzzword
child bored with christmas puppy
here's some ways to get teachers to support lgbt students
jennifer lopez's new video is a sad premonition of the future of feminism
broadway veteran sets the record straight about 'hamilton'
midwesterners descend on insurance company's free nail files
creepy photos of abandoned insane asylums will keep you up at night
nude aides huddled around trump assure him no one wearing wire
activists rally for domestic violence survivor found guilty of child abduction
secluded cabin in woods filled with big plans for america
trump surrogate enjoying thrill of not knowing what she going to be defending minute to minute
mueller: 'well, we got the liar. probe's over'
james corden asks what everyone wants to know about omarosa
alpha male marries tri-delta female
senate unable to get enough republican votes to honor 'to kill a mockingbird'
6 ways to reduce plastic waste this summer
15 ways to look and feel younger instantly
stoners announce plans to get stoned for that
'one big happy' star kelly brook on the changing definition of family
man who likes to be jostled moving to city
dozens dead after suicide bomber blows himself up near kabul shrine
does cyber monday still matter?
south dakota asked to water north dakota's crops over the weekend
obama administration to unveil plans to cut methane emissions
naomi watts and liev schreiber hit the emmys red carpet
eye-opening social experiment flips the script on domestic violence
nation's gay straw men march on washington for right to marry animals
these social media apps are causing trouble in schools
faa advises asiana airlines pilot to get back out there after crash
chance the rapper livestreams traffic stop in chicago
will flooding in texas lead to more mosquito-borne illness?
christian bale given neutered male statuette named oscar
why you should hire for zest
turkey's increasingly desperate predicament poses real dangers
marcus mariota featured in inspiring beats by dre ad
rahm emanuel is andrew cuomo: hillary are you listening?
black man given nation's worst job
vespa corporation enchants another slight little man-child
dhs announces racial profiling free-for-all this sept. 11
inside cbs' bid to bolster 'late show with stephen colbert'
news van driver sick of helping anchors move
gorgeous new nasa image shows earth 'rising' over the moon
college allowing students individual commencement speakers to make ceremony acceptable for all
34-year-old asks for big piece
students thankful standardized curriculum sparing them from free-spirited teacher's antics
husband calls for greater restrictions on pier one imports
transgender inmates to be integrated according to identity in san francisco
dutch anti-defamation league closes
mall debuts pet patrols to save dogs trapped in hot cars
india opens new mohandas k. gandhi nuclear-testing facility
prayers answered by random series of events in cold, uncaring universe
huffpost hill - america nostalgic for bush v. gore, somehow
hawaii residents face new hazard from erupting volcano: laze
couple's friendly twitter war shows solo sex is better than fifa
why successful ceos must think like the janitor
poll finds majority of americans approve of child labor laws but agree that kids carrying briefcases would be cute
chuck todd imitates yoda -- and it's actually pretty good
trump: 'there is hatred on both sides of my heart'
chris christie suspends his presidential campaign
desperate starbucks now pleading for people to masturbate, use drugs in its restrooms
secret service officer arrested in child sexting sting
man unsure how to expose self to woman he likes without coming off as a creep
kushner frantically searching desk drawer for bold solutions to today's most pressing issues
gazebo underutilized
court takes custody of harley from unfit motorcycle mama
how bell biv devoe ignored the 'backlash' and made 'poison' a '90s classic
man commits to new tv show just hours after getting out of 7-season series
gop congressman: 'nobody dies because they don't have access to health care'
paula abdul's back at it
helicopter mating season begins
four incredible new advances in health technology
network like a genius: insights from a world-class marketing guru
mta reminds new yorkers they can fucking walk
presidential hopefuls ham it up at iowa state fair
muslim woman berated at heritage event speaks out on independence day
dog the bounty hunter joins lawsuit against chris christie over bail reform
creative alcoholic comes up with idea to drink a lot
look: transgender contestants compete for title of miss international queen
greece's rock portrait gallery, from craggy ogres to de gaulle's nose: suspended in mid-air on the looney front, part ii
racial turmoil in md.'s 'friendliest town' after black police chief is fired
​report: all standing between trump and presidency is nation that made him billionaire celebrity
area man treats girlfriend to sumptuous 20-second massage
fiorina spotted in indiana ahead of cruz announcement
abandoned cat uses 'maternal instincts' to find her missing kittens
explosive illusions
guy on roof starting to think he might get away with it
'holy s**t!': airplane lands right in front of driver on ny highway
sharing recognition in a selfie era: #teamnocancer
cranky businessman quieted for entire trip with brightly colored cell phone game
let's celebrate this olympic chest bump fail
should i eat it? a dining guide for toddlers
area man asked to shoot janice an e-mail
mike huckabee resigns from country music board after criticism of his anti-lgbtq views
pittsburgh penguins defeat san jose sharks 3-1 to claim the stanley cup
ruth bader ginsburg debating whether to cancel winter vacation climbing k2
the problem with getting too much light at night
hero financial officer saves 12 grand
don't be surprised by retiree healthcare costs
our transgender child
barack obama's emancipation proclamation
barack obama is fourth president to put americans at risk in iraq: let those threatened by the islamic state fight it
how imani boyette's love for basketball helped her overcome depression
trump's national security transition is 'a mess," officials say
toddler chokes to death on plastic taiwanese-made toy
new study finds humans may have some capacity for compassion
new proposal could make it easier to research medical benefits of marijuana
adorable bear cubs hitch a ride on mom's back across an alaska lake
weird-looking guy somehow manages to look normal in facebook profile picture
brooklyn queer performance showcase 'ritual' celebrates two year anniversary
don't blame 'a' but 'pretty little liars' is ending after 7 seasons
editors of 'good car' magazine: 'the 2013 hyundai sonata is a good car'
ethics group blasts pence for using government travel for colts stunt
three escaping legislators shot from senate guard tower
biden regales dnc with story of '80s girl band vixen breaking hard rock's glass ceiling
michelle obama's daily habit is all about happiness
mandatory waiting periods are making abortions all but impossible
charleston church holds first service since shootings
isis' muslim death toll is enormous
iran says it will not renegotiate nuclear deal
'let's go home': the power of redemption
red lobster criticized for decimating biscuit populations along cheddar bay
lorna simpson creates haunting meditations on the state of blackness in america
why i'm proud of 'that belly'
not even julian assange clear on what's going on with him right now
donald trump's epa pick is a leading foe of clean water laws
'this women's strike won't accomplish anything,' reports man who will boycott upcoming 'avengers' movie
air wick introduces new piss-scented bathroom diffuser
hillary clinton campaign shuts down after blowing through $2 billion in first month
fight kind of runs out of steam 15 seconds in
friend group completely disintegrates within 5 minutes of graduation
suspect in kim jong nam's murder also sickened by toxic nerve agent, police say
poll: 68% of americans believe lee harvey oswald acted like asshole
states' rights rancher ryan bundy to run for nevada governor
determined cat goes through a lot to wrestle with stuffed tiger
area man proud he can still fit into car from high school
pope francis grills burgers on balcony of st. peter's basilica
gallant man extremely concerned about drunk woman's welfare
duke, duchess of cambridge announce name of third child is louis arthur al-baghdadi
open dialogue two americans having about race pretty hilarious
scuba diver expressing either joy or terror
english professor suddenly realizes students will believe literally anything she says
extensive coral reef found hidden at the mouth of the amazon river
progressive parents refuse to tell child its sex
lawmakers, ignore gun violence survivors at your peril
salma hayek rips donald trump: 'he has never done anything for america'
advocates say marijuana legalization in arizona could generate $40 million a year for schools
the true gifts of the holidays
dog returned to shelter for being 'too nice' finds new home
this moose strikes a blow against the takeover of the machines
bath & body works scientists destroy experimental scent unfit for mankind
guy who got laid off just glad multi-national corporation will make it
james foley, missing american photojournalist, beheaded by isis
biden's buffalo wing challenge dinner not sitting too well
matt damon appears fully nude for first time in local man's imagination
jane lynch covers 'anaconda' -- yes, really!
seth meyers has a not-so-subtle message for donald trump
melting ice sheets changing the way the earth wobbles on its axis, says nasa
nuclear-bomb instructions found in pentagon
man feels automatic connection with attractive woman
iran's nuclear deal: sanctions are lifted, what is next?
study exposes risks of conducting research while driving
13 t-shirt slogans that will inspire anyone in your path
why sharing your dreams is so important
sunday roudup
putting it together in 2015
police supporters rally in washington d.c.
trump replaces ice chief daniel ragsdale, appoints thomas homan
this group is bringing tampons and pads to evacuees in louisiana
spawn of satan a failure in father's eyes
kanye west talks about getting liposuction and battling an opioid addiction
chuck schumer trolls gop over donald trump's comparison of america to vladimir putin
teen weed users may face high risk for dependence
fireworks accident blows off tip of florida
gop senator warns against party's 'obstructionist' supreme court strategy
why carly fiorina's presidential run makes sense -- and is pure folly
your most common medicare questions answered
2012 prius to feature rudimentary reproductive system
this congressman's story perfectly illustrates gop obstructionism toward obama
man taking phone out of case for first time in years struck by forgotten beauty
yale black law students association urges hate crimes charges for alleged charleston shooter
fda to screen all donated blood for the zika virus
women step up to share their abortion stories as congress moves against their rights
apartment broker recommends brooklyn residents spend no more than 150% of income on rent
hillary accuses china of trying to 'hack in everything that doesn't move'
why pinterest is totally addictive -- and how to use it to your benefit
a conversation with pavel durov
new indie film sweeps cannes, sundance
boy scouts celebrate proud history of preparing teens for not having cool friends
this is the fall checklist your home's been waiting for
is paul ryan helping to support the white supremacist movement?
'no good deed' outpaces 'dolphin tale 2' at the box office
17 sweet water toys and swim essentials
donut shop gets weird after 11 a.m.
pringles level at six inches and falling
miley cyrus' bangerz tour is coming to your living room tonight
for his new act, beloved drag queen john 'lypsinka' epperson is a man unmasked
carly fiorina scores well on social media in face-off with trump
community garden sprouts first condom wrapper of spring
regulator warns banks they can't use new chat system to hide information
dog to allow child 3 more yanks on tail before putting an end to this
petulant 12-year-old refuses to brown the ground chuck
austin street sign vandalized in tribute to david bowie; city lets it stay
will the trump administration ever acknowledge climate change?
dina and caroline manzo get blunt about family feud
firefighters rescue man after heart attack, then finish mowing his lawn
good news for officer shot in face during stop
stephen colbert trolls donald trump jr. with murky 'russia week' intro
constable serving eviction order kills 12-year-old girl
habitat for humanity investigated for working conditions after 92-year-old laborer collapses on site
a bunch of stars just wrapped ava duvernay's 'a wrinkle in time'
privileged little artiste writing something oh-so-precious into his moleskine notebook
that one chinese place closes
tammys of the world demand to be taken seriously
this artist gives renaissance-style sculptures a goofy modern twist
who could benefit from water rule change? trump and his golf courses
new hampshire covered in shadow as floating clinton campaign headquarters takes up position over state
ben carson's message undercut by eyes drifting in different directions
iranian president rouhani jabs hardliners in remarks about protests
democrats agree to reopen government without protections for dreamers
austria legalizes same-sex marriage
apartment listing sweetens the pot with offer to sell current tenant's 9-year-old furniture
gay marriage passes in 9 states after area homosexual dunks on regulation rim
what everyday iranians have to say about the nuclear deal now that it's a reality
want to prevent lone wolf terrorism? promote a 'sense of belonging' among immigrants
coworker who already breathes, chews loudly thinking about getting into arrhythmically drumming on desk
waiting-room copy of people brings area man up to speed on paris hilton
bush to sacrifice own life for good of nation
the future of video: vertical and growing: mary meeker
mop used to clean minor spill now permanent addition to living room
jakrapong kongmalai: find a mentor and avoid years of trial and error
world's brightest x-ray laser is getting a big upgrade
nutritionists recommend increasing intake of whatever will earn you free t-shirt from restaurant
parents fighting about who's unhappier
fans of victorious nobel laureates riot in stockholm
huffpost rise: what you need to know on may 5
cia headquarters disappears
north carolina governor's bathroom obsession has been years in the making
sports banquet ends in trophy fight
mega-churchgoer hopes to appear devout on jumbotron
stop what you're doing and watch chuck schumer bust a move
how to avoid ending up in a tree in the amazon
widower strikes gold while gardening, finds missing wedding ring
leonardo dicaprio hopes he screamed and cried good enough in 'the revenant' to win oscar
jeb bush warns rnc attendees of bad cialis going around parking lot
a running tally of how athletes are scoring the drake-meek mill beef
luke from 'gilmore girls' is getting his own line of coffee
urine-proof paint returns fire on peeing perps
report: watching episode of 'downton abbey' counts as reading book
legislators still concerned about key non-issues
former congresswoman reflects on fighting sexist bullshit in the '90s
breaking: bitcoin value currently plummeting—no, wait—skyrocketing—no, plummeting
jimmy fallon could barely keep it together during this cardi b interview
my wakeup call from arianna huffington
read this before you plop your v-day flowers into any old vase
kathy griffin lawyers up to address 'bullying' from trump family
detroit begs nation to just give it something, anything, to manufacture
report: 89% of suzy qs never make it out of gas station parking lots
burundi asks neighbor to keep it down
people in healthcare.gov stock photos now visibly panicking
heroic cancer sufferer inspires others to get cancer
grandparents are apparently bribing their kids over baby names
longtime reader of lib-slaves.info sick of mainstream bias on sites like wideawakepatriot.com
trump threw trans soldiers under the bus just to distract from gop health care grift
against divestment -- why walking away won't make a difference
john legend tries in earnest to talk kanye west out of supporting trump
'how do we treat the little people, joan?' i asked. and she said, 'why, we treat them better. we only s--t on people at our level or higher.'
in new york state, a glimmer of good news about the opioid crisis
'i'll make those bastards pay,' teary-eyed mueller whispers into locket containing photo of james comey
'a quiet place' reclaims top spot at the box office
hillary clinton will be nominated because more democrats are voting for her
would jesus accept climate science?
children starting to see through dad's claim that doubletree hotel part of disney resort
6 things you need to know now about obamacare's cadillac tax
the great republican revolt
trumpcare and the gop: legislating cruelty
zell miller named first secretary of offense
yup, hit musical 'hamilton' is heading to chicago
venus horrified after finding millions of nude pictures of herself on internet
trump white house's revolving door of staff changes expected to continue in the new year
billy eichner gives us a thanksgiving parade for people who don't have kids
baby's third through eighth words registered trademarks
mom creates dreamlike art using just her iphone and kids
i can't do this anymore, congress. i can't.
jew-sponsored stock car booed off track
d'angelo russell's kobe impression was, uh, awkwardly accurate
paintings of feminist protestors celebrate the women who bare it all to fight back
this so typical of hemophiliac
man with new generator hoping for power outage
princeton police investigated allegations against tiger inn bouncers
new 92-grain bread depletes majority of world's resources
the 'danish girl' creative team share their experiences with the story
man trying to enter conversation spends few minutes smiling and nodding at edge of circle
this state just dug deep into voting irregularities. it found nothing close to widespread voter fraud.
nyc officials assure public most puddles of bodily fluid on streets not contaminated with ebola
brain-dead americans defend brain-dead florida woman
clinton reminds new yorkers she moved there hoping career dreams would work out too
america not sure it will have enough revulsion and horror left for cabinet, court appointments
ice-t and coco talk sex during pregnancy
biden frantically hitting up cabinet members for clean piss
lone man with six-pack 'partying'
chinese factory workers fear they may never be replaced with machines
college football scout has eye on high-school cheerleader
9 parking garage designs that are works of art
prosecutor in walter scott shooting rates 'zero with the black community'
energy sector and epa nominee: oklahoma strong
kylo ren of 'star wars: the force awakens' was inspired by nazis ... sorta
do not bring your kids to 'measles parties,' doctors warn
trump's steel, aluminum tariffs exempt canada, mexico
new musical shines light on 'paris is burning' star and the mummified man found in her closet
can you trick your body into burning more fat?
an all-glowed-up 'wizards of waverly place' cast reunites for wedding
retire! dance! die! but first, pass the chocolate. boomers according to google
melinda gates wrote a powerful essay on how birth control empowers women
media intern looking forward to moving up at company that won't exist in 8 months
pet researchers confirm 100% of owners who leave for work never coming back
state trooper kills unarmed suspect as he attempts to flee, police say
3 years, 5 horrific hate-crime killings in the kansas city area
'everything, everything' answers calls for more movies about women of color just being women
congressional aides withholding sex until budget compromise is reached
conference call going awesome
creative writing teacher announces plan to sit on edge of desk
watch your favorite musicians perform 'the hamilton mixtape' live
emma stone, meryl streep and other stars bring activists to golden globes
let's try to talk about race
owls are assholes
this obama-themed clothing line just dropped into your life
the 'million-dollar question' all happy couples ask
area man has no idea where to get envelope
heartbreaking illustrations document the last words of unarmed black men
why shrimp scampi has been on america's mind all week
7 seattle themed filters to live by © michelle moore
brew do you love?
obama's record-breaking fundraising effort bankrupting npr, world wildlife fund, aclu
art object purchased at office depot
how prepared are directors for the challenges of the nonprofit culture?
overworked prosecutor thinking of taking police brutality case as a little vacation
'family' pundit makes bizarre and offensive link between robin williams' death and 'ex-gay' therapy
how is natural wine different from the stuff you're drinking?
responsible man sets aside small portion of every paycheck for bank to gamble with
hollywood maintenance crews sent out to patch up film industry's plotholes
the 'most dangerous' sex position is ....
huffpollster: how many americans support the travel ban? depends on the poll
pregnancy-related deaths nearly doubled in texas after cuts to women's health
more realistic meat substitute made from soy raised in brutally cruel conditions
disgruntled liberals publishing at furious pace
establishment rallies 'round rubio
the importance of a pap and hpv test combination
definition of fudge-tastic stretched
area man eats breakfast for dinner in desperate attempt to reinvent his life
finding her own way in paris: meet author/publisher adria j. cimino
here's a delightfully awkward video about spending valentine's day alone
oklahoma governor likens striking teachers to a teen who 'wants a better car'
earth passed over for invasion
custom fireplace store totally jumps gentrification gun
couple is trying to make personal shark cages a thing
gwyneth paltrow creeps up on james corden while he's mocking goop
why peyton manning badly needs to win super bowl 50
ophthalmologist instructs patient not to look at anything 24 hours before eye surgery
depressed crab stays buried under sand until 2 p.m.
pizza slice only has one pepperoni
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
man who has clocked 137 hours in rpg can't believe he has to waste precious time watching cutscenes
uber gave government millions of users' data
congratulations to fbi director jared kushner
man tentatively takes shot at bad-mouthing girlfriend's family for first time
shanghai family sick of eating chinese
second-grade class has no questions for visiting local historian
the easiest step-by-step guide to start traveling
how to get out of a bad mood
nation admits it probably going to come out of this having learned completely wrong lessons
turkey says it will suspend high-level diplomatic ties with netherlands
after 46 years, yoko ono is finally credited for co-writing 'imagine'
terrorism storylines being added to tv shows as quickly as they were dropped
4 ways grandparents unintentionally sabotage parents
american tourist punched for giving nazi salute in germany
12-year-old 'humiliated' by chess tournament officials over 'seductive' dress
year abroad changes student's worldview for one year
mcdonald's now offering bereavement prices
carry that weight: the revival of feminist performance art
how zuckerberg's llc could be more effective than charity
new hampshire lets debunked gay conversion therapy remain legal
celebrity disappointed after meeting fan
sniper school gets to have class on roof today
the outrageous dessert you can make in a slow cooker
huffpollster: many americans supported stricter gun laws even before the orlando shooting
obama compiles shortlist of gay, transsexual abortion doctors to replace scalia
isis having difficulty finding american recruits physically fit for jihad
son attempts to cultivate parents' interest in better movies
republican congressman: the best reason to vote for my opponent is he has a hot wife
tract writer cites god, jack chick as influences
how to know if your s.o. is ready to get serious
who will win and who should win at the 2015 emmys
2014 olympics to be held in 19th century
detective behind two-way mirror nervously crosses arms as criminal addresses him directly
the troubling connection between anger management problems and gun access
local band cleverly alters product logo
what's new on netflix in january 2016?
materialistic single mom constantly thinking of money
humane society worker secretly glad to see nippy dachshund put down
the funniest tweets from parents this week
report: overseas sweatshops hurting u.s. sweatshops
area man pretty shaken up after running into casual acquaintance at cvs
red lobster celebrates return of annual all-you-can-eat krill fest
college for convicts:  the need is great, the time is now
overcoming self-doubt: tame your inner tormentor
mars and venus in mental health
my favorite love story
guy from the strokes accused of trying to look like guy from the strokes
man at bar clinging to muted 'king of queens' episode like life preserver
there should never be all-male panels, ubs exec says
gaza rolls out the red carpet for film festival amid the ruins
accused 'kayak killer' pushed paddle away from drowning fiance: prosecutor
friend really laying into self for failing to reply to email sooner
americans finally found something to drink that's better than soda
drake keeps crushing hard on espn reporter doris burke
another friends star to appear in another big-screen bomb
explosion used to signify big savings
glass ceiling. glass closet. glass cubicle. this is living?
the fallen served for our freedom
mother can't believe 10-year-old has already outgrown mobility scooter
how to boost your child's self-esteem
person who will embalm you walking around out there
people are losing their minds over a big mac covered in molten copper
staffer investigating puddle of slime on floor looks up to discover coworker cocooned in bannon ooze
the amazing london museum you never heard of
after paris, the show must go on. broadway at white house kristen chenoweth, gloria estefan, sir andrew lloyd webber
fish at pretty good place in its life right now
bananas again sweep primates' choice awards
sentient couch thinks it would look good over by the window
weekend roundup: u.s. media mirrors trump's 'america first' myopia on north korea
burglar makes sure to crack glass on family portrait
larry nassar's boss accused of assaulting students in practice exam
getting to same-sex marriage
middle east small talks to focus on getting israel, palestine to discuss weather
rodeo clown bleeding on the inside
the problem with 'celebrity queerbaiting'
fetus going to pretend he doesn't hear loud argument coming from other side of uterine wall
child running around house in bathing suit has no immediate plans to visit body of water
extravagant new window blinds inspired by the latest styles from venice
makers of good friends cereal not sure how two pictures of ann coulter got on box
66 percent of u.s. citizens object to torture in nonetheless frightening poll
study finds high school students retain only one-third of obsolete curriculum over summer
old refrigerator unable to control when it releases water anymore
rudy giuliani: bill de blasio should apologize to nypd
serena williams tried to deposit first $1 million check at bank drive-thru
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
earth orbit: getting crowded... much faster
teen male vaguely unnerved by nude pantyhose rack at kmart
dinosaur skeleton reveals babies may have lived on their own from birth
jake tapper to trump: kim jong un is not a 'smart cookie' — he's a murderer
on feminism: but i like being a girl
questions linger for candidates on retirement issues
fox producers attempt to tire out aggressive candidates before debate by letting them run around outside
9 harrowing images that capture the lasting impact of sexual assault
5 crazy things about monday night's historic kansas-oklahoma game
once-homeless hairstylist helps girls in need in the most beautiful way
subject of phone bill delicately broached
area man to try showering at night
kevin's addiction will surely signal new revelations about jack on 'this is us'
reince priebus smiles, shakes head while flipping through old briefing on gop's plans for 2016
john kerry breaks leg in bike crash
new documentary makes the case for supervised heroin injection sites in new york
more american children are doing yoga than ever before
drunken man careens wildly across internet
is fatherhood in cheyenne jackson's future?
ronda rousey wants to show you how ripped she is for her fight
the royal baby is due any day now — but when? we investigate.
poll: 78% of americans hope cataclysmic event wiping out humanity will have big tidal wave
double-jointed man on date breaks it out too early
president barack obama slams 'repeal and delay' approach to affordable care act
funeral director assures jewish family this headstone can withstand plenty of blows from baseball bat
stampede at concert in guinea kills at least 34
visit home reveals parents currently watching previously undiscovered game show
picture most closely resembling actual self immediately deleted
nonvoter knew it would turn out this way
these dads reveal how they created their beautiful 'forever family' on a farm
family's euphemism for genitals really weird
dad gets dolled up for trip to lowe's
mindful parenting: how to respond instead of react
visa fires bob dole
lure of free meal each shift too great for disgruntled arby's employee
christie 2016 comes from nowhere to win republican nomination
jill scott offers a solution to prevent police assaults in schools
pete rose, the st. louis cardinals and the need for consistent mlb ethics policies
left behind
how you can help save the bees -- even in winter
december north dakota oil spill more than 3 times larger than initial estimate
area idea so crazy it just might work
gop statisticians develop new branch of math to formulate scenarios in which trump doesn't win nomination
one place you won't find the confidence gap
totally unknown guy strolling around your part of office for some reason
what's next for jill abramson
resigning house leader cantor reflects on all the accomplishments he thwarted
blagojevich claims behavior was just elaborate plan to surprise patrick fitzgerald with senate nomination on his birthday
how to thaw the climate conflict
moving forward into 2017: four resolutions if you are grieving
report: iran less than 10 years away from 2016
black folks, let's talk about homophobia
birchbox founders reveal the best and worst business advice they've ever received
thousands dead in wake of low-carbon diet
kylie jenner's first dye job was adorably amateur
everyone in town hall debate audience has spouse who lost health insurance and is dying of cancer
meet the amazing woman who created her family of 7 sons through adoption
turns out running doesn't wreck your knees after all
darren wilson ain't no ham sandwich: prosecutorial manipulation of a flawed grand jury system
the clinton campaign's lawyer partially funded the steele dossier. so what?
applebee's introduces new 50 appetizers for $250 special
sheldon adelson: party hack
getting totally bushed
the best of paris fashion week street style
khloe kardashian takes waist training to the extreme
the children's books that took our breath away in 2015
'i promise to work tirelessly to achieve my campaign's goals,' threatens trump in terrifying address
u.s. negotiating mubarak's severance package
obama suddenly panicked after gazing too far into future
danny masterson's publicist suggested a woman can't be raped by a man she's in a relationship with
a cornell frat held a disgusting 'pig roast' sex contest and i'm not surprised
the democratic presidential candidates meet again at a forum in iowa
brutalized toothbrush wishes owner would just let it die
apple will probably introduce a new iphone sept. 9
aspen ideas festival 2015
souter hopes roberts is into birds
t.g.i. friday's executive chef recommends booze-on-meat-with-cheese thing
jon stewart's final show raised a whopping $2.2m for charity
firefighters are happy to rescue 12 police officers stuck inside elevator
bollywood remake of fahrenheit 9/11 criticizes bush administration through show-stopping musical numbers
report: getting parents off back now accounts for 38% of economic growth
desperate pbs premieres nova: boobs a-bouncin'
snake on a plane! reptile slithers out of ceiling causing mid-flight fright
rubio campaign deploys 6,000 ground troops to combat isis
debunking the myths about boys and emotions
scout returns with news of quicker checkout line to the east
dems come out to airports around the country to support muslims, refugees
teacher protests in detroit cause schools to close
report: 79% of minority suspects receive miranda rights while unconscious
biden huddling with closest advisers on whether to spend 200 bucks on scorpions tickets
latina student who filmed 'build a wall' chant speaks out about backlash
grown adult walks right into karate studio
kid honors grandpa's memory with solemn cannonball
apple hard at work making iphone obsolete
report: most americans can't even name their state's shadow lord
7 ways to build a community using data-driven narratives
42,000 pounds of trash removed from hawaii home
family embarrassed by way son died
psychiatrists call for special clinics to prescribe ketamine as anti-depressant
local christian sees parallel to your situation in bible
chrissy teigen slams idea she's promoting eating disorders with doritos licking
malcolm-jamal warner likens cosby scandal to woody allen, roman polanski controversies
we can't believe this red rock canyon tree exists on planet earth
'don't call it flesh-eating bacteria,' say florida officials
trump spends entire classified national security briefing asking about ​egyptian ​mummies
james corden's double-quick recap of january 2018 is exhausting just to watch
the end of the road
report: most for-profit colleges started in effort to pay off own student debt
boy stops worshipping dad at record age of 3
i am not a prostitute. i'm a female solo traveler!
polka fan on a real harold loeffelmacher kick lately
the director of hbo's new james foley documentary on making a movie about his childhood pal
margaret thatcher's ashes scattered over free market
north carolina republicans brace for 'bathroom law' blowback
a test for chronic fatigue syndrome
wildebeest taking awful lot of credit for stampede
this common nighttime habit is giving you wrinkles, study says
snuggle marketers kill off 18-34 demographic rather than let it fall into hands of competitor
scientists working to harness energy produced by intense fracking debates
new macrowave can defrost a roast in 72 hours
report: all the other races coming to take your stuff
lebron james took 5,000 kids to a theme park in the name of education
gross doctors recommend drinking 8 warm cups of clam juice a day
jojo is back with a perfect 'tringle' of songs
mitch mcconnell inflates throat pouch in show of dominance over fellow congressional males
hulk hogan donates hair to lucky locks of love recipient
clinton campaign touts children's health law, but obamacare is her legacy too
artists announce they've found all the beauty they can in urban decay
scientists theorize what would happen if they touched a cloud
your child is born with cerebral palsy: now what?
obama purchases ad space on side of mccain's bus
really ugly shark tired of being mistaken for hammerhead
how to make this glitter eyeliner from fashion week work in real life
donald trump's epa pick urged to come clean on ties to secretive koch-funded group
how to make japanese milk bread at home
fifth baby barely showered
here's what happens to breast cancer diagnoses when medicaid is rolled back
martin shkreli faces rough stay in prison system where inmates who funded hair theft are lowest caste
girl gone wild actually just regular girl, only more insecure and drunk
obama to meet with families of san bernardino shooting victims
no book is an island: on the dual identity of art
dna swab nabs suspect in vanessa marcotte's killing
how some of trump's bad tweets are helping puppies and kittens
this labor day, thank your local health care workers
the fastest-growing refugee crisis is the one you've probably heard the least about
trump attacks 'groveling' author of study showing no voter fraud
lawmaker running for jeff sessions' old seat is obsessed with 'war on whites'
perot may lead first mars expedition 'only if the people of mars ask me to,' he says
actually, donald trump told republicans all along how little he respects democracy
academy to give runners-up detailed progress reports outlining where stars can improve
james corden delivers emotional tribute to the 'manchester i know'
diabetes rate in the u.s. may be leveling off
ryan lochte now changing account of events going back years before robbery
gated community interviews dozens for exclusive drug dealer position
mark hamill gives 'stars wars' super fans the fright of their lives
trump's game plan
the ugliest american: thinkers from around the world weigh in on trump's rise
a defiant iran defies the un and international laws again
guard dog in training notices very suspicious-looking dog in mirror
local man a paper-towel black hole
non-denominational terrorist organization welcomes extremists of all faiths
proposed legislation offers citizenship to immigrants who can play piano so good it makes everyone cry
5 faith facts about chris christie
cnbc: 'anyone who owns a suit can come on television'
monocle-wearing oil baron's cigarette holder splinters in clenched teeth after hearing bernie sanders' environmental platform
gay marriage opponents warn supreme court ruling could put nation on slippery slope to rationality
george zimmerman not going to let one bad experience deter him from neighborhood watch responsibilities
young, transgender and acting on tv
rachel maddow blasts benghazi committee as a 'hilarious partisan joke'
'simply unworkable': insurers blast new provision in senate health bill
beyonce shares photo of blue ivy and jay z for father's day
watch abbi from 'broad city' strip naked and rock out to lady gaga
food network production assistants prep guy fieri with dry rub
mysterious defibrillator saves accident victim, disappears
responsible, thoughtful nation decides to ignore charlie sheen situation
the constant conflict between feminism and nationalism
the king of credit card fraud
iran's writing on the wall: ethnic minorities and others assert themselves
the kind of risks that are really worth taking
small town girl makes good porn
challenging richard dawkins
woman plunges 6 feet down open new jersey cellar
embed routines and rituals (principle no. 5 of the 7 principles of personal effectiveness)
hotel lobby treated to entirety of child's song catalogue during check-in process
on this week's best-dressed list, lupita nyong'o steals the show
obamacare benefits plenty of people in states donald trump won
bp opens multi-floor, 1,000-pump flagship gas station in times square
russia seeks economic revenge against turkey over jet
chris christie dreaming about 72-inch springsteen sub
sales of guys gone wild video disappointing
conversational lamprey slowly draining life from dinner party
man in political argument clearly just regurgitating monologue from 'henry v'
what's half of $33.35?
krispy kreme doughnuts described to sioux city relatives
a pakistani city hit 122.4 degrees in april, probably setting a world record
u.s. takes out key iraqi bases in midnight raid
twitter users taunt rudy giuliani over new role on trump legal team
man waiting in h&r block lobby nervously eyeing how much more paperwork everyone else brought
vanquished foe's skull makes surprisingly bad wine goblet
chris penn's body double really letting self go
koko the gorilla now just flipping everybody off
bashar al-assad shares laugh with military leaders over time he once wanted to be a doctor and help people
is the us government cooking the books?
eu countries fall way short of meeting refugee relocation goals
beverly whipple: unsung hero of women's rights
man runs into ex-wife while wearing sandwich board
melania trump straightens husband's neck skin before walking out onto inauguration platform
james corden's 'melania' longs to be part of our world in 'little mermaid' spoof
report: oh, fuck yeah, egg yolk dripping all over sandwich
chuck berry remembers call from cousin about white kid playing 'johnny b. goode'
kid with massive head probably psychic
remington debuts new split barrel murder-suicide shotgun
5 ways to make your meetings more positive
why are you eating?
gop prays for ossoff lossoff
mitch mcconnell reminds senators that they'll have to make up government shutdown days at end of year
maybelline introduces line of injectable makeup to enhance appearance of internal organs
voters look on in horror as 3 new republican candidates appear in place of scott walker
daddy yankee becomes first latino artist to reach no. 1 on spotify
regal cinemas suddenly realizes it's been playing 'love and other drugs' for two years
you are no less of a man for having been assaulted
masturbatory prose style fails to reach climax
things you say in emails vs. how you look typing them
nancy grace seen in graveyard sucking marrow from caylee anthony's bones
why some people may be more likely to become parents
obama hosts diplomatic talks at starbucks while oval office carpet cleaned
don sterling won't get an naacp award after all
militants launch three attacks in somalia and kenya in 24 hours
server loves that dessert
man who temporarily disables facebook account deems self 'off the grid'
air india now offers business caste seating
nation's poor bastards never even saw it coming
exhausted sweatshop worker just has to laugh after sewing fingers together
donald trump's economic team continues to align with his billionaire hedge fund adviser
report: average american has just 20% of what it takes
how do you know when a beauty product is 'the one'?
hurricane ophelia sheds light on another climate change concern
santa claus killed in electric-razor crash
vegas atm steals $600 - can you get it back?
study finds earth's animals one giant creature before breaking apart millions of years ago
bunch of hick nobodies sue for toxic-waste exposure
security camera films meteor streaking across ohio sky
new rule from obama will punish contractors who cheat or endanger workers
kourtney kardashian shares adorable photo with baby reign
malala yousafzai nearly died for girls' education. today, she started at oxford.
texas provider will offer free abortions for women affected by harvey
california wildfire death toll rises to 4 as more bodies found
texas to execute death row inmates with new 3-drug molotov cocktail
'wonder woman' shatters box office with biggest female director opening. ever.
study: humans began domesticating animals to comfort children whose parents split up
singapore's first female president will be a hijab-wearing muslim woman
russian interference had no impact on election, reports website created 8 minutes ago
christian devotees around the world re-enact jesus' crucifixion
fashion industry pretends to care about plus-size models
study: 80 percent of all hermits recovering from broken hearts
oregon college shooting survivor writes graphic, gripping account
silicon valley startup seeks to change the way women flee tech industry
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
top congressional watchdog uninterested in trump's conflicts of interest before he takes office
poll finds majority of americans have never met willem dafoe
how does one set a price on a historic site?
twitter is appalled at the west coast's favorite thanksgiving side dish
when my office is a target -- reflections from a veteran white house reporter
transgender youth are being failed by nearly all 50 states
uber ends forced arbitration in individual cases of sexual assault, harassment
secret service wanted to leak 'embarrassing' info on congressman
the vitriol displayed toward colin kaepernick is simply un-american
local gym teacher loves forcing children to dance
date rapist tossing his mortarboard into air 3 rows in front of you
rumors of extramarital affair end campaign of presidential candidate who didn't know china has nuclear weapons
scientists put sleep-inducing power of agribusiness today into pill
aatish taseer talks sanskrit, the dangerous power of english, and his new novel
space shuttle endeavour: what's in it for me?
ünited stätes toughens image with umlauts
obama begins sales pitch on trade to wary u.s. public
26-year-old feeling self-conscious after seeing all his friends fail slightly less than him
college-aged daughter against using straws now
clinton to get teeth cleaning, glasses before coverage runs out
art student's nudes obviously drawn from hustler
'rolling stone' offering readers 3-month free trial period for buying company
man pours all his culinary talents into inserting, removing pizza from oven
jay z honored to be nominated in same category as jay z
a new 9/11 gift shop
fda approves first artificial tumor
sorry baseball fans, but vin scully will miss the mlb postseason
kim kardashian celebrates 42 million insta followers with raciest pic yet
public wary of gop plan to repeal obamacare without a replacement, poll shows
nelson mandela evidently thinks world's journalists have nothing better to do than wait around like idiots
teacher hoping students can tell he was once popular
britain grants refugee status to ex-president of maldives, lawyer says
executive, legislative, judicial branches merge
man confidently hits 'send' on worst job application company has ever seen
over 165 countries set to sign paris agreement
gun show vendor jokes with insane customer about how he hopes he's not insane
apocalypto star wants to show he can do mayan comedy
depressed matt lauer up all night rewatching 8-second clip of career highlights
man throws money at problem
13 dead from unexplained illness in liberia
climatologists say humanity's best hope is hurricanes spinning in different directions and canceling each other out
jenna bush's federally protected wetlands now open for public drilling
charles koch wants to change america's criminal justice system
chris christie's strange justice
teen's eulogy mostly nickelback lyrics
gene simmons' message to wannabe rocker: 'get a damn job'
georgia congressional candidate receives threatening package
comic book fans adamant that human torch be played by actor whose body actually engulfed in flames
an open letter to the republican leadership
mccain courts youth vote with lengthy speech on forbearance, morality
george zimmerman wins florida state lottery
traveler amazed by sheer number of mexicans
my hair was a stranger to me
please stop blaming women for making less money than men
old hollywood portraits capture stars in candid moments between takes
verizon, comcast approach 21st century fox about acquiring assets
man sadly realizes cramped one-bedroom apartment has enough space to host party with all his friends
area high school somehow still carrying on without 2011 seniors
al-qaeda's no. 114 killed on office depot run
the importance of vision
pregnant kim kardashian and kylie jenner rock sister crop tops
new york attorney general conducting 'inquiry' into trump foundation
ted cruz skyrockets in polls after head permanently sealed within iron mask
republican platform falsely says planned parenthood sells baby parts
clinton found alive
slow-thinking bystander weighing pros and cons of pulling man out of river
angry lumberjack demands hearty breakfast
black lawmakers say gop supreme court obstruction is racist
my "aunt hillary"
here's proof 'doing what you love' pays off
james corden and stephen curry are a fierce 'carpool karaoke' team
aspiring elitist moves to new york
sunday roundup
syria misses another chemical weapons benchmark despite 'significant progress'
creative asterisk makes reader unaware of word 'fuck'
japanese restrooms offer special toilet paper for wiping phones
joy sucked out of room by pumped-up manager
u.s. advises allies not to border russia
more than 250 new emoji to be released, and we have the list
is turkey drifting between isis & putin?
paul ryan announces new congress sexual harassment training will create safe work atmosphere, plausible deniability
black eyed peas calls out america's racism in new video
the beautiful parenting moment behind the #obamaandkids hashtag
crimean voters excited to exercise democracy for last time
historical archives: ship's log
top republican says hillary clinton's health 'fair game'
trump's new afghanistan plan: same as the old plan
palestinian family trapped under rubble thrilled to hear 'gaza' trending on twitter
hotels think you want this bill. think again, hotels
daily meditation: connecting with the earth
starfucker gives stephen baldwin a hand job
the importance of multidisciplinary eating disorders treatment
donald trump says some protesters probably deserved to get roughed up at his rallies
single strip of 'i voted' stickers more than enough for midterm polling station
start your day chia seed smoothie style
publicist worried kanye west's support of trump will damage his carefully crafted public image as a manic self-absorbed lunatic
mysterious american flags in northern syria were planted by u.s. troops, pentagon says
how can you tell if a dog rescue group is legit?
why this mom of four loves her 'jelly abs and shriveled up skin'
when i'm forced to see color in my colorblind marriage
report: dnc and clinton campaign funded research behind trump russia dossier
dem rep. totally nails why congress is falling short on gender, racial equality
who's that woman dressed like bowie at the oscars? introducing, sandy powell.
zamboni crime family indicted in ice-shaving scandal
supporters defend kirsten gillibrand after trump delivers 'sexist smear'
vacationing secretary of homeland security asks neighbor to keep eye on nation over weekend
quaker releases new plain flavor-blasted rice cakes
congress demands to know how facebook got people to give up their civil liberties without a fight
rashida jones pays homage to the '90s with 'flip and rewind' music video
here are the most breathtaking new year's eve fireworks displays
spiders inspire fear -- along with novel products that could change the world
film to be made into john grisham
crane operator likes to start day with a quick 360
'the other side of memorial day,' or dying in paradise
oat farmer seriously thinking about getting into barley
police repeatedly shoot tim cook after mistaking iphone for gun
women's prison riot feels gratuitous
groundbreaking study finds gratification can be deliberately postponed
9 excellent reads for labor day weekend
the 10 best cities for college grads in 2015
in 'the idea of love' lies lead to love
mugger can't believe crap victim has on mp3 player
kfc ads get even weirder with norm macdonald as 'real' col. sanders
stripper thinks customer flirting with her
'hedwig' takes home tony for best revival of a musical
lookalike couple vaguely disquieting
uzo aduba's emmys dress is a work of art
revealing spring attire reminds man he nothing more than weak, hormonal ogre
overworked nation wishes it could just unplug from it all like puerto rico
london life
director going with unknown for third marriage
faith healer loses patient during routine miracle
personal trainer impressed by man's improved excuses
obama's foreign policy: continuity rather than contradictions
area bastards pick wrong guy to mess with this time
two-year cellphone contracts are almost dead. here's everything you need to know
california shooters likely planned multiple attacks: officials
hillary clinton clarifies her stance on $15 minimum wage
hog executed farmland style
kickstarter aims to give book on black boy joy to public schools
new nba starter jackets to come with unwanted pregnancies
is the stereotype that 'women can't be geniuses' causing gender gaps?
rick santorum suggests planned parenthood is just as racist as the confederate flag
kenya claims to have killed over 100 militants in somalian raid
dip good
caught on video: the terrifying moment a car went off a cliff
nurse barred from jail after allegedly performing exorcism on inmate
make no mistake, trump's government shutdown is about racism
u.s. dollar drops against counterfeit u.s. dollar
kylie jenner spends sunday in a bikini
(video) aol sees growth in programmatic tv with 58 ad campaigns up
the creators of 'supergirl' know that title is a bit misogynistic
crucifix a testament to man's wealth
most americans want u.s. to keep funding expanded medicaid
george w. bush having trouble finding decent cocaine since leaving white house
bernie sanders has a very lonely but very committed following on wall street
south korea on heightened alert as north readies for army celebration
carlos rosario school educates and graduates the new americans
10 things i learned about ucsf benioff children's hospital oakland
gummi bear emerges from digestive tract unharmed
j. k. rowling magically trolls donald trump for tweeting in the third person
rockin' party dude strongly recommends additional drinking
pixar animator reveals the magic ingredient that adds soul to stories
how trump should approach u.s.-cuba policy
arm & hammer representative starting to wonder what he's doing at sxsw
how the opioid crisis is blowing a hole in small-town america's finances
full unsliced lemon makes glass of water particularly refreshing
trumpcare scored so badly it could actually help the senate
watch a young jennifer lawrence in a high school shakespeare play
trump shames local 'mexican' judge involved in trump university lawsuit
amy schumer is jennifer lawrence's friend, but she doesn't like taking photos with her
hydraulic press crushes every ounce of cheer out of the holidays
men and women of armed forces thank local woman for song dedication
woman digs excitedly into ingrown hair around bikini line like grave robber pillaging spoils of the dead
the secret of ugly sweater day
protecting freedom of expression in newsrooms and mosques: unity and dialogue
fan just going to keep open mind about whether new 'star wars' best or worst movie ever
for conservative press, the post-trump reckoning can't come soon enough
opposition to soda ban sad proof that americans still fight for what they believe in
dad busy throwing seeds or something on lawn
7-year-old loses respect for shrek after seeing him in burger king commercial
area woman insists on helping coworker through personal crisis
pandering nobel peace prize committee honors global harmony again
abandoning voters of color would be immoral and shortsighted
donald trump to meet with editors of new yorker, vanity fair and vogue
affair to threaten whatever it is john edwards does for a living
anxious gina haspel gives self little pep interrogation in bathroom mirror
toddler's walker gets a galactic makeover from all-star tattoo artist
how i finally stuck to a meditation schedule
beyoncé will reportedly join coldplay for the super bowl 50 halftime show
wither the democrats?
boehner hoping to remain leader of republican parties
mpaa unveils rating system based on old testament
jenna jameson calls on women to #dropthecover and celebrates motherhood
george h.w. bush hasn't seen anyone from his secret service detail in years
easy vol au vent appetizers with brie and jam
inauguration crowd moves to white house gates to watch presidency happen
new urban visor blocks out the poor
what man thinks is recycling takes city workers 2 hours a day to sort
sperm bank manager takes wealthy couple to secret back freezer where the real good stuff is stored
dorm room decorated with empty bottles of adderall
'warcraft' trailer debuts at blizzcon
mnuchin touts trump's call for unconstitutional line-item veto
john kerry jettisons russian henchmen from international space station airlock
huffpost rise: what you need to know on march 2
area woman didn't say that; you said that
'snl' just gave 'game of thrones' an eighth kingdom
dejected dog too sad to walk after being returned to shelter
trump filing shows he paid cohen, after cohen paid stormy
dr. king died fighting for economic justice. nearly half a century later, we continue his fight.
daily meditation: spiritual sustenance
new study finds americans are living too long
states scramble to overcome congress' failure to move on chip
yup, there's now an ee cream
diego luna talks filming his first sex scene before he ever had sex
democrats turn to supreme court to save 'golden week' of early voting
ryan zinke comes out in support of controversial wildfire
disney trailer teases exit of major character in upcoming film 'death at pooh corner'
argentinian tv station trolls donald trump
god wondering whatever happened to that planet where he made all those monkeys
'new year, new caleb,' announces self-assured seventh-grader on first day of school
south china sea: philippines running out of options
snack scientists develop previously unthinkable capacity to stuff cheese inside itself
that drone skirmish with china? it was over before donald trump's first mean tweet.
gore calls for recount of supreme court vote
turn your scraps of summer fruit into the most gorgeous ice cubes
son discovers dad's welcome back, kotter spec script while cleaning out attic
reinvest in california seniors to boost local economies
standoff in ivory coast threatens to boil over into full-scale news blurb
college residence office gets kick out of pairing up few roommates who will fucking hate each other
on eve of olympics, top investigator details secret efforts to undermine russian doping probe
'it's been an honor, gentlemen,' shift supervisor says as giant vat of molten cheese erupts
i cannot do this alone: why allies matter to the down syndrome community
whoops: franklin graham's new bank is lgbt-friendly, too
duke students refuse to read 'fun home' over gay themes, nudity
colorado death penalty in focus as massacre trial enters new phase
christophe michalak: the pastry superhero
sex officials add new base between second and third
conor walton: contemplating higher things
laverne cox taught the 'oitnb' cast a lot about trans issues
suspect arrested in connection with college basketball player death
mobile app to revolutionize way users waste time, money
chelsea and ivanka put their friendship on ice
it's not too late, ivanka
new bomb capable of creating 1,500 new terrorists in single blast
this couple says they can orgasm for a whopping 18 hours
new taco bell menu item ready for testing on humans
fbi agent's cover blown by own jacket
troubling report finds millions of americans forced to make ends meet by getting up and going to work every day
romantic gesture too expensive to waste on current girlfriend
6 graphics to show to your climate-denying uncle this thanksgiving
frank gehry no longer allowed to make sandwiches for grandkids
afghanistan: a morally corrupting war
israeli high-school students hoping suicide bombing postpones exam
vatican unveils new pope signal
domestic violence still not grounds for divorce in mississippi
area man may have lied about having sex
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
toddler really yanking on penis, report wincing sources
article about return of burger king chicken fries only news area man has clicked on today
healing after divorce in 5 allegories: i was married to the wizard of oz, but i never thought to pull back the curtain
shape magazine declares july 'let yourself go' month
'blade runner 2049' is even better than the original
indecency, politics and the fcc: a new round in the culture wars?
how to change yourself from the inside out
remarkable new documentary on burma's children
adult film industry replaces 500 porn stars with hydraulic robotic fisting arm
the new york giants are even worse than last season
enjoyment of steve miller band's 'jungle love' last piece of common ground in america
nom funneled millions to fight maine marriage equality, but had only one big donor from the state
trump: oscar mix-up happened because the focus was on attacking me
donald trump jr. divorce leaves confused, heartbroken nation wondering why bad things happen to good people
to the obese woman crying at the picnic table
orangutan's horrific death underscores need for brands to use certified palm oil
shirtless mike huckabee spends entire debate seated in rickety rocking chair
49-year-old nearly back to pre-middle-school confidence levels
sweden blood bank texts donors to notify them whenever their blood helps save a life
new 'steak & onion' potato chips taste disturbingly like steak and onions
god damns minnesota vikings as requested
twitter helped trump win, now it's starting to bury him
man running aimlessly with olympic torch for past 3 years
armchair quarterback blitzed
impressive new honda inspires john mellencamp to write song about japan
hillary clinton aims to regain momentum at debate after surprise defeat in michigan
state champs erect triumphal arch
the time i went canoeing with a republican congressman
george clooney enjoys another rousing evening at home with mummified members of rat pack
pier 1 imports unveils new self-defense vase for smashing onto head of home invader
protesters stage third day of demonstrations in st. louis over acquittal of former cop
dream vacation turns deadly for area houseplant
production of 'iceman cometh' canceled due to entire cast getting called back for axe body spray commercial
6 things millennials should do before buying a house
3 lessons for america from christian bale's moses
donald trump had a no good, very sad homecoming
patrick dempsey's wife files for divorce
sun-dried sparrow carcass washed away with hose
how 'daddy' puts the blame for toxic masculinity on spoiled teenage girls
climate change could lead to an uptick in type-2 diabetes
life on the lake: "the encounter"
as high court weighs online sales taxes, states get ready to pounce
office manager still undecided about sharpie redesign
bathroom smells like shit
lifelong newport smoker barely alive with pleasure
news roundup for june 19, 2017
time to defund the diet industry?
all the ways the 'empire' finale set up season 2
miley cyrus and liam hemsworth had a very instagrammed christmas
20 people found refuge in a famous paris bookstore during attacks
'facts of life' star charlotte rae reveals cancer diagnosis at 91
ted cruz ties 'amnesty' for undocumented immigrants to nuclear weapons in iran
running back's buttocks undulate hypnotically in sexuality-challenging slow-motion replay
9/11 memorial curators decide not to display swastika formed by twisted girders found at ground zero
male friends depart for annual camping trip to complain about camping
this 594-foot-high basketball shot 'for mankind' is out of this world
asian guy has separate group of just asian friends
sudafed introduces new sinus drill for immediate congestion relief
yes, there is a right way to use technology
hungover michelle obama packs leftover inaugural ball hors d'oeuvres into sasha's lunch box
beyoncé announces $100,000 in scholarships for hbcu students
after astana peace talks, obstacles remain to maintain cease-fire in syria
the amazing things that happened when i started yoga at 85
teens spend wild spring break in d.c. begging lawmakers for their lives
puppy comforts dog having a nightmare, because that's what friends are for
disgruntled bolton shoots 17 un delegates, self
this 'magic mike xxs' parody won't fix your problems, but damn, it's funny
state of emergency declared at new york city's housing authority
fishermen hook 2 massive great whites off carolinas
infants piling up at orphanage's old address
migrant boat to europe sinks, some 200 feared dead
fridge magnet pushed to limits
7 new reasons to love wallpaper
bra training complete
fifth level of video game reached during phone call to mom
watch: minor league brawl spills into seats
the best tv shows of 2014
the rise of europe's far-right is 'a wake-up call' for democracy, says turkish novelist
family concerned after aging tv show has another terrible episode
8 ways to recommit to your fading resolutions
fracking industry now largest employer of recent pr graduates
gloria steinem warns that donald trump & state laws will endanger women's rights
local history museum really digging deep to fill 2 15-by-20-foot rooms
more bad news for macy's ahead of holiday shopping season
the attack on charlie hebdo was a symbolic tragedy so quit trying to change the subject
ray charles signs def leppard album
the 10 busiest days for summer travel
why did corporate reformers overlook newark's children and families?
videos of chicago police shooting of cedrick chatman released
reminders of party's costume theme becoming increasingly more threatening
galápagos struggle for survival: darwin foundation vs. santa cruz municipality
tony blair apparently not british prime minister anymore
david koch delivers suit with note reading 'wear this tonight' to marco rubio's hotel room
huffpost hill - florida republicans giddily dust off 'sore loserman' posters
25-pound ham wedged in parents' refrigerator
f. gary gray likely to direct 'fast & furious 8'
trey gowdy and his gop colleagues embarrassed themselves
12 gift ideas for couples who don't take themselves too seriously
sociologists confirm emergence of generation more entitled, self-absorbed than any seen before
newsweek editors argue over what to make readers fear next
rumsfeld only one who can change toner in white house printer
hillary clinton holds infant grandson upside down by ankle in front of convention crowd
study: those who go to college earn more degrees over lifetime than those who do not
3 things that young women need to remember about feminism
state department warns americans traveling abroad to avoid lame amsterdam windmill tour
dog doesn't consider itself part of family
toeing the race line: what i am and what i am not.
7 ways to give back in an hour or less
gwen stefani says her divorce from gavin rossdale is 'still painful'
heroin is cheaper than beer and easy to get in pennsylvania
entire napoleon dynamite plot pieced together through friends' quotes
barbara bush in 'failing health,' won't seek more medical treatment
happy anniversary match.com -- meet their first success story
man can name all parts of the vagina
motorcyclists riding 2-wide in lane right next to you probably know what they're doing
weird, creepy guy just hanging around same website all day long
j.crew debuts new line of stylish casualwear for mannequins
officials urge americans to sort plastics, glass into separate oceans
college student still managing to look like asshole in picture of village he helped build
theater: nph is... wait for it... epic in 'hedwig;' daniel radcliffe is impressive in 'cripple;' 'the great immensity' isn't
what if we were all family generation changers?
lawsuit against uber by driver charged with murder a hoax, court says
i want to be that girl
either ming or yuan dynasty seizes control of mainland china
backpage ceo likely to walk from pimping charges as judge cites shield law
extending your social media reach: working the facebook author tag feature
historians discover thomas jefferson may have secretly fathered multiple other countries
only way base jumper can get thrill these days is by jumping tandem with endangered species
lawyers are now the driving force behind mortgage scams
food hacks for the best tailgate ever
swearing an oath -- part 1
supreme court mistakenly used belgium's constitution for last 3 rulings
i profumi di firenze: beautiful scents with a story
total hunk sitting over by plant
watch as stephen colbert hilariously tries to seize control of the dnc podium
the threat to america that no one is talking about
the book we're talking about
pakistani boy, u.s. drone form unlikely friendship
declassified documents detail 9/11 commission's inquiry into saudi arabia
'game of thrones' season 3 opens with every character getting fingered while discussing arrival of winter
census bureau releases annual report on neighborhood vibes
breathing polluted air may increase the risk for kidney problems
second-grader expelled from sex farm
eric holder loads ipod with ap phone conversations for morning commute
every song on kendrick lamar's new album is charting on billboard's hot 100
man either sick or just at end of workday
trevor noah explains why he's always seen black women as the strongest leaders
another gop tax plan for captains
america is pretty damn great already, biden says in fiery dnc speech
google's got plans for 'smart' contact lenses
kendrick lamar won a pulitzer because 'damn.' is journalism
cuba, the us and obama's state of the union
jellyfish can't wait to fuck up honeymoon
tony robbins apologizes amid backlash over me too comments
jeremy lin makes it a gold christmas for lakers
cardinal law canonized following miracle of escaping criminal prosecution
kareem abdul-jabbar speaks out against ben carson's anti-muslim comments
on the anniversary of dr. gunn's death, thank an abortion provider
man praying interviewer doesn't ask any questions
trump's switzerland trip cancelled as president deemed flight risk
fox news guest: san bernardino shooting raises questions on 'state of feminism in muslim america'
'watermelon capital of world' claim goes unchallenged
the most feminist white house in history just made one of its last moves on equal pay
fda: everyone needs to induce vomiting right now
child 'very sorry' for slapping teddy bear
shocking gun ad by georgia gubernatorial candidate brian kemp backfires
gratitude for the smartwatch
'repealing net neutrality will help spur innovation,' announces face of ajit pai blaring from every computer screen in nation
nearly 1 in 10 children not enrolled in school: un
this is the man to blame for the term 'bomb cyclone'
sean spicer is irreplaceable
6 things that always go on sale in june
your sunday is open again because these puppies already decided the super bowl
every single slang word ever used for 'drunk'
subway sandwich emits noxious honey mustard spray as defense against predators
drake's super bowl ad makes you wanna call someone on your cell phone
inhibitions dropped after first sip of beer
dave ramsey's daughter reveals the biggest money lesson she learned from dad
gated community under siege by savages
'i don't know who i am anymore, little buddy!' says mother in midst of nervous breakdown
freaky february heat waves trigger more chills over climate change
family kind of concerned at how fast dad ate father's day gift
fda recommends the blue marlin
biden unleashes torrent of vomit on debate stage
the so-called 'uptick in hate' is fundamentally american
obama throws small business owner into seat, tells him to just smile and keep his fucking mouth shut
area man foolishly entrusted with genetic code
trump officially declares opioid crisis an emergency 2 months after saying he would
nation's baby boomers hold press conference to announce they all have diseases now
jon stewart dancing to drake is the one video you need to see today
ukraine's prime minister yatseniuk resigns
'what about that whole birth certificate thing?' romney suggests to staff
nuclear threat still 'very real,' says muhammad ali
josh hutcherson hints at more 'hunger games' movies
man who said 'yes' to life found with mountain bike at bottom of gorge
david lee roth might as well jump
'modern family' appears at 9 p.m. just as prophesied in 'tv guide'
the best teams in sports... 5 years from now
area woman not about to miss ally mcbeal for that
the us helped create a christian martyr in oscar romero
10 corners you should never cut when planning a wedding
flower power -- how your child can blossom fully
seniors decked out in graduation gear walk halls to inspire younger students
in trump's america, we must all become journalists
quaker oats canister relabeled 'drugs' for grade school play
how using your phone to pay for the subway can help fight climate change
i.t. guy has long dark night of self-doubt
woman pieces together timeline of boyfriend's past relationships like detective tracking zodiac killer
grandma defiantly taking scone recipe to grave
man experiencing first real moment of peace in years resuscitated
4-year-old's idea of barbie, ken marriage involves lots of head collisions
senators rip obama's 'flexible' interpretation of international drug controls
tennis player gabriella taylor possibly poisoned at wimbledon
scott walker says he doesn't know if obama is a christian
oddsmakers say oakland raiders a long shot to finish season
the alienation of america's best doctors
a progressive vision for the fbi
a patriotic neighbor
pride in mental health: an interview with the trevor project and crisis text line
kris jenner has her say on son-in-law kanye west's 'good intentions'
skier's sick run on dry terrain proves snow is for suckers
how to eat healthy while traveling
soda taxes create complicated rules
fyi, the hair on your head can hold up to the weight of 2 elephants
biggest loser in high school adjusting to being ordinary loser in college
pregame foolishly squandered on actually planning out evening
gop throws all financial support behind one candidate
shy ex-citigroup executive struggling to fit in with popular clique of ex–goldman sachs executives at white house
facebook to block private gun sales
randy and erika jackson split after 18 years of marriage
biden hands out loose gt cola can to unexpected trick-or-treater
how social issues hijacked conservatism
netanyahu: iran leader's speech shows dangers of nuclear deal
pwc confirms partner responsible for best picture mishap
girl has just enough physical flaws to maybe take man seriously
oregon man who beheaded mom's cat learns his fate
enrique iglesias and anna kournikova share first photos of newborn twins
trevor noah: donald trump selflessly embodies america's worst traits
troubling report finds dreamily sliding down back of door after kissing date on porch plummets 78%
airport screening made 70,000 miss american airlines flights this year
inside biden's final deliberations
'syrians' lives are worthless,' obama tells daughters before kissing them goodnight
carbon-monoxide detector with snooze button recalled
twitch streamer sets new record for longest stream lying dead on camera
pet halloween costumes are the spooky, yet cute trend of 2015
that flaming lips origin story is faker than you thought
trump's russia scandal means sessions and his justice department now face a choice
from an adopted daughter, what my moms taught me about parenting
increased negative campaigning reveals previously hidden ugly side of politics
who pushes for more 'ouchless' adhesive funding
10-year-old shocked woman from 'guinness book' who can pop her eyes out not a millionaire
democrats and republicans agree more than you'd think about kim davis and abortion rights
elderly man who's outlived wife by 8 years must not have loved her very much
hilary duff's heartbreaking instagram shows how hard it is to lose a pet
david geist opens up about events that brought him closer to the 'flame'
the great seafood treats of late summer, part ii: the fish fry
target of future drone attack urges american intervention in syria
images show that saturn's north polar region has changed color
genetics emphatically deny playing any part in area man's body
the naked truth
tense party enters third hour of unplayed acoustic guitar leaning against wall
how three heroin-addicted sisters are getting sober
in nyc, birthplace of climate march, a reminder of who suffers most from pollution
paul ryan discovers half-finished escape tunnel leading out of speaker's office
salmon just knows it going to jump right into grizzly bear's mouth
mark twain gave good advice about the dangers of good advice
what if you couldn't protect your children?
just a stay-in-bed kind of day, fire department declares
sushi donuts are here, so prepare yourselves
surprise, surprise, donald trump's supporters are trying to 'rig' the election
children's hospital charity dependent on teri hatcher's knowledge of british parliament
why it's time to stop casually calling people 'schizophrenic' and 'bipolar'
simon helberg arrives at screen actors guild awards with 'refugees welcome' sign
cory booker pumps brakes on trump impeachment talk
bodies of 74 migrants wash up on libyan beach
flower freaking out after realizing there's a bee on it
only nba nerds will catch the joke in this nba 2k16 trailer
gun used to kill man in city
to all the meat-loving feminists of the world, riot grill has arrived
why thanking god is hurtful
report: grandpa just walks like that now
mike pence condemns female senators for wantonly sharing senate floor with male colleagues after dark
how everyone with a smartphone can feed a hungry child
mercedes ruehl reference lost on all but mercedes ruehl
traveler excited hotel has hbo until he checks listing
donald trump calls hillary clinton 'the devil'
some guy at bar lived in san francisco for a summer and liked it a lot
the edge still introducing self as such
drunk driver honored
curiosity rover frantically driving around mars to make it look like it's been busy before new spacecraft arrives
a 'pretty little liars' detail you never noticed may make you scream in frustration
assad vows swift retaliation on syrian civilians in response to u.s. missile strike
neil armstrong's wife glad to finally get rid of all the space hobby crap
trump lawyer attended doj meeting on confidential fbi informant
distracted priest pronounces couple 'man and plumbing problem'
2" x 2" vegetarian section granted on backyard grill
spreading the gospel: asian leaders wary of saudi religious diplomacy
lack of media context skews view of obama's gulf arab summit
fuck-buddy becomes fuck-fiancé
shy friend experimenting with personality
measles cases could triple even with just a small decline in vaccinations
6 netflix releases with black stars to watch this june
fbi seizes massive anthrax stockpile
overweight man to lose weight if he gets really overweight
immigrant mother receives pardon for minor driving conviction, but still could be deported
new after-school program aims to keep children off streets for additional 45 minutes
connection, mission, game: your best friends
absolutely disgusting shower curtain liner has another 3 years left in it
'expendables 3' cast requests to be paid in steroids, meat
cinephiles will love 'listen up philip'
america's charter schools have a commitment problem
revolutionary advances in abortion access: why not in the u.s., too?
bush campaign more thought out than iraq war
kasich privately worried he'll never have charisma necessary to incite supporters to violent frenzy
nasa: voyager-1 has officially carried remains of joan crawford outside solar system
trump populism has won the gop civil war? not a chance
rosa parks not really honored by new bus depot
teen pulls off oscar-worthy promposal asking emma stone to dance
astronaut eileen collins was supposed to endorse trump in her rnc speech, but didn't
cartoon character translated seamlessly into noodle
the tennis racket
man forced to pathetically comb through movie for familiar scene after falling asleep previous night
friends, family waiting for current bout of man's depression to subside before really laying into him
ape footage causes brief three-and-a-half-minute interruption in channel-surfing
man invisible on gchat observes world from impregnable perch
mcdonald's unveils new senior citizen playplace
anti-vaxxers, climate deniers and fear in the age of uncertainty
frein's sister questions brother's injuries
man stuck in no-man's land between two domino's delivery areas
authorities urge louisiana residents to evacuate dangerous lower income brackets
chris christie gets sued by liberal advocacy groups
mudslide kind of fun until the dying part
wedding guest blissfully unaware she barely made the cut
state department's anti-semitism office will soon have no staff
husband pretty sure he hooked up gas stove correctly
researchers find decline in facebook use could be directly linked to desire to be happy, fully functioning person
mythbusters team struck down by zeus
everyone on campus afraid of that one bar
area man switches to backup lie
bill maher trashes donald trump over his latest disgusting tweets
chiropractor scrambling to put vertebrae back in right order before end of session
visiting chinese pm presents obama with 'the expendables' on dvd
christ returns for some of his old things
joe biden tries to tamp down house dems' anger over deportation raids
as trump kills daca, bannon's breitbart celebrates a major policy win
what about trump's campaign promise of 'america first'?
the key to finding your spiritual partnership
karl rove ensures republican elected as student body president
son conned out of allowance for seventh consecutive week
raucous town hall in utah blasts gop rep. chaffetz over trump
yin making inroads on yang
remembering james horner
new toxic-waste by-product contains no fat
lottery loser angry at lottery winner
area mom issues stern warning on road where she once got a ticket
9 ways the most successful people see life differently
the midtown men tell it like it is... was... will be (part i)
thursday's morning email: judge halts trump's travel ban
why soccer matters, and why your opinion about it doesn't
bill de blasio thinks he's proved his haters wrong when it comes to pre-k
australia's deputy prime minister resigns amid mounting scandals
entomologists retract new spider species discovery after determining it actually just clump of dust, hair
george clinton, della reese meet to discuss key hairstyle issues
robbin' season's true criminal is revealed in the latest episode of 'atlanta'
reports of movie being good reach area man
montana judge targeted for impeachment for 60-day incest rape sentence
man apparently opens beer with butt, inspires bartenders everywhere
20 million americans without health care attend painful, labored march on washington
americans don't really care about trump's 'great wall' ― but his base sure does
report: rise in global temperatures likely to increase number of americans who fucking reek
local senior brutally folded in craftmatic adjustable bed accident
study: every 10 seconds a skyscraper window washer falls to his death
praise tree-sus! man sees jesus in tree trunk (photo)
women, hobby lobby and the gop: hell to pay in november?
jessica simpson's adorable daughter adorably heads to pre-k
media organizations make pilgrimage to facebook headquarters to lay content at foot of mark zuckerberg
watch: 'freakshow' star attempts life-threatening stunt
geologists unearth fully intact rock
husky can't stop blowing bubbles; we can't stop saying awww
widower misses sex with dead wife terribly
does chasing your dreams scare you? good.
mom's facebook post gets real about daily parenting frustrations
guidance counselor reminds self-mutilating drug user about sat deadlines
bus rider acting like fight not happening 4 feet away
high school freshman thinks 'romeo and juliet' might just be her favorite play
man freely smoking pot in washington literally has no issue he feels strongly about anymore
from 13 to 23: a study in artificial maturity
uber ceo travis kalanick and his dad open up on life, love and dropping out of school
cast-off paris hilton skin found in upper west side park
latest jihad has something for everyone
20 lessons of the 20th century for trump's america
'run the rock 2020' committee created to make dwayne johnson president
darfur, ia also in pretty bad shape
feeling the heat in alabama's senate race, luther strange calls for filibuster change
report: consumer confidence in amorphous, indefinable idea of economy highest since 2006
god unable to remember what year humanity goes extinct
weird gifts for a weird dad
owner of cheap motel fixes sign to flicker just right
nasa launches probe to find, destroy earth-like planet
inequality in tech: may i ask one more question?
three dozen confirmed *@@## in power plant *@@##
cia chief admits to torture after six-hour beating, electrocution
man in break room can still hear time clock ticking loudly
women film themselves on a double date and one dude ruins it
help out a school counselor? i'm in, with #hscc2015
spoof gum commercial chews away at islamophobia in the best possible way
julian assange: nobody likes a tattletale
'captain actual america' overweight, hopelessly in debt
david blaine stunt to push public's endurance to limit
oxiclean unveils new stain-removing fabric scissors
patrick stewart looks distraught in hideous musical christmas hat
america's love affair with ally mcbeal ends violently
these workers can only spend 6 minutes in the bathroom each day
universal health coverage: a smart investment
naacp calls for more diversity in police lineups
rest assured, amy schumer and jennifer lawrence still hang out
backup spatula always ready to go in case the unthinkable happens
new study finds human beings were never meant to wake up from sleep
how to tell if a product is actually eco-friendly, from alexandra zissu (video)
classmates take field trip to girl's adoption ceremony, shower her with love
sónar festival offers more than you might expect
women in business q&a: star jones, president, professional diversity network
nation's schools to ensure bullied transgender students hide in stalls of bathrooms corresponding to biological sex
more american women expect to have children in the future
brooke shields put to sleep
10 days that shook the regressive world
author of botched daniel holtzclaw profile apologizes for 'lopsided account'
eric clapton ossifies
cover letter specifically tailored to company even sadder than generic ones
man honestly thinks he's going to get to bed early
should banks be allowed to robocall your mobile phone?
mlk's family urges nation to spend anniversary of his death twisting his words to fit own political agendas
evangelical christians enter 10th day of vigil outside your house
no one in ballet audience realizes how bad dancers smell
this week in world war i, january 3-9, 1915
comics not just for kids anymore, reports 85,000th mainstream news story
rock fans outraged as bob dylan goes electronica
monopoly player insists on being wheelbarrow
gingrich urges romney to drop out so he can focus on general election
botanists vow not to discuss botany during after-work drinks
study finds girls outperforming future employers in school
kendall and kylie jenner get revenge on cheating guy in snapchat soap opera
why i am green (and the republican candidates make me see red)
frontier mother just wants one nice family photo that doesn't end in fatality
kate mara's angelic emmy dress nails it
why did a private security contractor treat standing rock protesters like 'jihadists'?
keystone veto buys environment at least 3 or 4 more hours
federal law enforcement officials unveil new food-crime equivalency ratings
45 million gallons of crude blood lost in red cross pipeline rupture
new york and ibiza had a beautiful sexy baby: they called it tel aviv
only two golden tickets remain
woman thinks she can just waltz back into work after maternity leave without bringing baby to office
what it takes to land a book deal
man suddenly realizes he was duped by commercial's romanticized vision of canned beans
archaeologists unearth ivory trumpet dating back to prehistoric jazz age
second biggest opening in history
what aziz ansari, and most straight men, don't get about consent.
rush limbaugh's love affair with sound of own voice comes to sad end
conscience quietly let go as paul ryan policy advisor
blood drains from mueller's face after realizing russia investigation might go all the way to white house
your favorite disney fairy tales are being retold through classic paintings
why a cutback in oil production is sorely needed
farmworker rights leaders plan to protest on ben & jerry's free cone day
aunt on facebook casually advocates war crime
newly deployed soldier has dreamed of fighting in afghan war since he was little kid
mall santa crying hysterically in photo with toddler
clinton's head sawed off
panthers donate $10,000 to each family of charleston shooting victims
everyone on flight annoyed by screaming kid rock
college still looking for absolute saddest place on campus to hold transfer student orientation
man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout cookie locator
the vergara era, part 2: a new opportunity
gop voters want an outsider. can marco rubio convince them he is one?
'humans of new york' photo captures beautiful body love moment
us dietary guidelines: historic battle for people and planet
filmmakers call vincent canby's life overlong, poorly paced
does hollywood have a bias against films portraying disability?
pranksters rename mexico's congress as 'chamber of rats' on google maps
signature dominates sympathy card
5 of the best wurst on planet barbecue
cops seek 'poopgangsta' in christmas eve shooting
why i don't want to have it all
3d-printed 'eyes' could help blind children's faces grow naturally
facebook vows not to hand over users' medical records to government
economic anxiety, distrust of government fuel gold rush
chris hemsworth knows 'what love is' now that he has kids
bath & body works now offering free lotion tastings
don't fight summer fun -- make it educational
tomi lahren claims low-skilled immigrants are 'not what this country is based on'
in the new york film fest the outsize egos of artists rule
owen tate and his modern day factory
maxwell brings viral cashier on stage to sing with him, and he nails it
h.r. 2651 fans storm senate floor after passage of bill
night out thrown off-balance by friend unexpectedly bringing someone
most people will have a mental health condition at some point
20th century fox green-lights 'united 93 vs. predator'
out-of-style woman still has last season's body issues
abortion issue 'most critical of our time,' say tobacco-industry executives
threat level downgraded as insect revealed to be ladybug
behind the design: creating the perfect room for sleep
this state just did something good for transgender people
individuals unaware they constitute area man's support network
sweden and the wakening of eco-integrity
elderly man spends quiet afternoon in national park feeding trout to eagles
donald trump misspeaks, calls u.s. a company instead of a country
cameron diaz finally opens up about generally positive experience in show business
bombing in syria's ghouta won't let up long enough for rescuers to count bodies
whippoorwill has had same 3-note song stuck in head for entire life
ty cobb returns to old private practice in enchanted forest toadstool
moving unicef ad shows how history is repeating itself for refugees
donald trump's sacking of james comey is a test for republicans
caitlyn jenner will reportedly attend donald trump's inauguration
in the wake of garner, a plea for hope
houseguest given entire rundown on input 1, input 2
news of uncle's death deleted by spam filter
report: nobody fucking cares
why south sudan's leaders are fueling the implosion of their own country
amazing affleck brothers dazzle oscars audience with high-flying trapeze routine
area man finally sees enough images of bare breasts for entire lifetime
greece seeks to reassure europe as tensions rise
watermelon + 20,000 volts = one messy pink slushie
bush to iraqi militants: 'please stop bringing it on'
new type of moon rock discovered by china's yutu lunar rover
acknowledging our shared history
heroes for homeless kids celebrate in aurora
what happened when a black reporter crashed a white nationalist event
6,000-year-old culture now a 'developing nation'
female entrepreneur : karen quinones
kennel certificate proves who puppy daddy is
'she's in king david cemetery. that is where i go to see my kid now.'
struggling don rickles has nothing but nice things to say about audience
north korea botches missile launch on founder's birthday
pat toomey doesn't get it
band loudly discusses record deal at ihop
chinese-american professor sues fbi agents after being accused of espionage
terrified johnny depp unable to remove tonto makeup
biden implores obama to 'rub one out' before debate
see two spirits wave hello in the funniest scene from 'a ghost story'
report: majority of pay phone conversations begin, end in tears
report: more americans putting off retirement until final few moments before death
gorgeous long exposure train photos prove the city has its own magic
nation's last themeless restaurant closes
huffpost rise: what you need to know on february 15
watch live: music producer jermaine dupri talks new show
instagram adds new color-editing features
how net neutrality repeal could silence women and people of color
complete fucking idiot considers nikolai rimsky-korsakov russia's most inventive orchestrator
steve nash responds to injury critics with emotional letter
this project is shutting down ocd stereotypes in a beautiful way
suicide bomber reacts poorly to surprise birthday party
shareware fee paid
excited juror feels like murder trial being put on just for her
reese witherspoon was red hot at the 'gone girl' premiere
the most popular pies around the world, according to pinterest
monday matters: a walk home to remember, an unbreakable friendship and adorable bulldogs
the security council's israeli settlement resolution: seven observations
'fourth quarter, time winding down, super bowl,' report nation's 11-year-olds
watch: brandy sings on the subway and nobody seems to notice
god planning to get rid of harsh shadows by adding second sun
woman upset at herself for feeling hungry
senate passes blame by vote of 91-8
video captures courthouse beating of inmate accused of killing chicago child
new survey shows bernie is right: young americans want to reverse runaway inequality
cecily strong responds to 'weekend update' change
kid figures he'll go down slide 35 more times then call it a day
what i learned about love from my boyfriend's depression
'he's a stockbroker,' says woman who finds that exciting
trump speaker warms up crowd with bizarre hillary-huma death fantasy
thursday's morning email: the obamacare repeal comes down to these three senators
reflections for an uneasy memorial day: obama's mystery achievements, trumping dangerous nonsense
moving forward.
meanwhile, in the real world
what should i do if an employee is a liar?
funniest parenting tweets: what moms and dads said on twitter this week
3-week-old jack-o'-lantern excited to give one last scare when slightest touch causes it to collapse into disgusting mush
victoria's secret introduces 3-inch patch of satin to place anywhere on body
circus runaway not looking forward to hometown show
amazon shelves 'x-files' creator's sci-fi series before it begins
republican lawmakers are now getting their ideas from fox news commercials
'moana' comes out on top at the box office for third consecutive weekend
kenya should not sign china and south africa coal deal
teacher's lounge the site of 5 separate emotional breakdowns today
'sometimes it feels like you're the only one who understands me,' whispers trump to white house roach infestation
kim kardashian tackled by hollywood prankster at paris fashion week
how a night with arianna huffington changed my life (also, she smells really good)
fsu's dalvin cook found not guilty of battery, plans to return to team
surprise! rnc's 'women vote trump' event fails to attract many women
colbert is stunned speechless by trump's terrible 'birthday present' for melania
bankrupt dot-com proud to have briefly changed the way people buy cheese graters
haunted hayride makes extra-spooky turn onto interstate
a mooc by any other name
vatican: gay people are 'our sons and daughters'
kourtney kardashian opens up about scott disick's rehab stay
women in business q&a: nawal motawi, motawi teleworks
red cross installs blood drop-off bins for donors' convenience
amtrak train derails in vermont, seven taken to hospital
city of baltimore targeting young professionals with new 'you get used to it' campaign
kalamazoo shooting suspect switched cars amid rampage
report: more companies offering paid maternity leave to mothers who complete 3 months of work ahead of time
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
pope francis warns catholics this not good time to bother god
death toll from california mudslides rises to 21 after mom's body found
navy discontinues use of 'port' and 'starboard'will now refer to left as 'thunk' and right as 'moosh-baroo'
artists explore the many influences of ebony and jet magazines
delicate pastry not made for this world
biden now a purple belt
witty remark repeated throughout week
the dawn of old face: turning 30 is all the terrible things they said it would be
bob dole to build 'trench to 19th century'
voice recognition software yelled at
trump team is mulling muslim registry and planning border wall, reported adviser says
wltz hartford's number one choice for continuous soft hits
bigot relieved to learn gays in his state still effectively subhuman
donald trump gets brutally mocked over latest white house ousting
dog in purse stares longingly at dog in yard
politician spots young female aide, and so it begins
progress on global poverty and disease at risk, gates says
cops cleared on corruption charges after implicating decorated police dog
how american sniper became a surprise mega-hit honoring america's martial culture and highlighting the futility of the iraq war
julian assange fired from it job at pentagon
departing employee not quite important enough for send-off
hanes apologizes, pulls t-shirts from shelves after seeing how local man looks in them
terminally ill serpent renounces symbolic ties with evil
transgender troops are fighting for this country. will our country fight for them?
grizzled band-aid weathers third shower
roadmap to leaving your corporate job and starting a creative business: 1 year after launch (part 6 of 6)
garage orchestra hands out demo at boston philharmonic show
former patriots and chiefs tackle ryan o'callaghan comes out as gay
paul rand: the father of graphic design at the museum of the city of new york
pamela anderson talks candidly about love, forgiveness and her foundation
trump deploys national guard to press conference for standing ovation
birdman is an astonishing new film
fall movies every mom will see
stephen miller rewards self after day of speechwriting with trip to see children in local ice detention center
thing happens
chipotle mayo doing all the heavy lifting in sandwich
kellyanne conway: 'i always liked hope hicks' skin, her unblemished supple skin, pure, tasty skin'
alarming u.n. report finds world lost 40 million acres of personal space last year
these kittens learning to walk is so cute it'll make you crumble
texas hospital sued over ebola training seeks dismissal of the lawsuit
why you shouldn't visit iceland during the summer
where all the teachers are above aveage
'wild boar curling' rescues stranded wild boars from frozen lake
breakthrough drug eliminates crying in infants
led bulb coming to terms with fact that it will outlive all its friends
adjunct professor hoping some student leaves behind warm pair of gloves today
are you making your guacamole right? here's how to tell.
on centennial, seven harvard scholars list lessons of wwi -- and how they might apply today
church honors 'dearly beloved' prince by putting his lyrics on sign
ohio state uses t-shirt blaster to pass out diplomas
american muslims honor muhammad ali as a champion of their faith
listen to america: a huffpost road trip
how wilmer valderrama helped make from dusk till dawn a featured attraction at this year's universal studios halloween horror nights
distrust and verify: an appropriate u.s. government response to sudan government actions
first date in six months to be last date in six years
second-person narrative enthralling you
gop moderates plot way out of house budget mess
maría tomás-keegan's gps guide for lifting yourself up
more than 12 million enroll in obamacare
emeritus pope benedict to attend weekend's canonizations
what you should know about the parents who leave kids in hot cars
sarah huckabee sanders suggests trump 'weighed in on' son's response to russia meeting
area man to make fun of dancing for a bit before nervously joining in
fast-track derails democracy
archaeologists uncover greek amphitheater where first prick saved seats
nate silver projects super tuesday results using microscopic electorate grown in petri dish
joe paterno dies in hospital; doctors promise to tell their superiors first thing tomorrow
nation hit hard
the true meaning of the ray rice scandal
gop senators who have condemned trump's attacks against the khans have one thing in common
stephen colbert thinks he's found proof: 'there is definitely a pee pee tape'
they're coming!
it's not just a muslim ban, it's much worse
republicans hold on to mick mulvaney's old house seat in south carolina
all the faces parents make every day
kanye west's partnership with adidas is about to get huge
john carpenter tells off neo-nazi trolls who think 'they live' is about jewish supremacy
people sick of 'thoughts and prayers' demand action after florida school shooting
dwts: tonight we rumba!
teacher asks students to split into 2 groups to simulate ideal class size
smiling nation takes moment to enjoy thought of what rnc headquarters like right now
data-entry clerk reapplies carmex at 17-minute intervals
the incredibly boring trait that all great leaders need
white sufficiency movement asserts whites right up there with other races
internal affairs investigator disappointed conspiracy doesn't go all the way to the top
how we fooled donald trump into retweeting benito mussolini
mayo investigator is developing a screening test for endometrial cancer
mexican program aims to reach drug lords before they get caught up in cartels
emily's list founder: women are the 'problem solvers' in congress
area mom was waiting in the car for 20 minutes
why eva longoria will never run for public office
lindsey graham drops out of presidential race
hillary clinton calls water crisis 'immoral' in visit to flint
e.p.t. clarifies pregnancy tests intended for entertainment purposes only
janet jackson shares adorable first photograph of her baby son
over-hydrated terrier proud owner of six city blocks
growing 'fat-earther' movement believes planet 2.4 quintillion pounds overweight
'san andreas' kills at the box office
movie studio blows whole budget on big-name gaffer
jil speaks openly about new york's full moon festival
obama deeply concerned after syrians gassed to death on white house lawn
'batman v. superman' promotion urges filmgoers to just get this over with
senate dems want to know more as trump nominees cash out at their old jobs
groceries strategically placed around checkout conveyor belt's wet spots
ominous darkness descending on webpage portends grim age of autoplaying ad to come
report: 79% of sincere thoughts played off as jokes
6 things all real grown-ups have in their homes
meet your 2014 hot dog hero
11% of lunch eaten off sweatshirt
the vergara era, part 1: how we got here
clinton vetoes bill for reason he can't put his finger on
powerful senate committee concludes russia tried to sow chaos in 2016 elections
obama finally tells rambling tom vilsack to shut the fuck up during cabinet meeting
man miscast in role of father
taylor swift now in long-distance relationship with curiosity rover
banking reform measure prevents chick-fil-a from calling itself a bank
chadwick boseman to deliver howard university commencement speech
from music festivals to college campuses: trans* and women's communities
hard to tell if wikipedia entry on dada has been vandalized or not
sweatshop laborer's child loves her irregular finding nemo sweatshirt
this rescue pit bull made his bed every day while waiting to be adopted
north carolina lawmakers introduce bill to repeal sweeping anti-lgbt law
buoyant force on area object equal to weight of water displaced
therapy golden retriever helps comfort rape victims during counseling sessions
megan fox daydreaming about megan fox naked
fox news reporter asks the questions others are too smart to ask
report: america still world leader in manufacturing excuses
prince charles weds longtime horse
gay men are being rounded up and killed in chechnya: report
man grateful to live in society where mattress disappears if left on sidewalk for a couple days
chris christie says trump immigration order rollout was 'terrible'
pistachio biscotti with kirsch-soaked dried cherries
when you google 'why do women ...' some very interesting results come up
why kellyanne conway doesn't get a break on her bowling green massacre lie
an american tragedy
coworker has that excuse that's going around
obesity-study lab rat's life pretty sweet
13 billboards call out how much money politicians got from the nra
nation's pregnant women announce discovery of comfortable sitting position
sole bar of soap makes circuit from sink to shower
recapping the women's college advantage
when the sheep are watching over your mind
grandma getting to point where she looks like every other grandma
jeff sessions suggests a crackdown isn't coming for legal weed
poz retreats: empowering people who are infected and/or affected by hiv/aids
dancing with thieves
obama to wait for next bruce springsteen album for word on economy
only positive statistic of year announced
'expect delays' signs placed randomly throughout nation
manager hates to see you go
god recalls collaborating on joint vision of humanity with deceased creative partner
life-raft companion looks just like juicy steak
what do real women religious think about lifetime's "the sisterhood"?
consumer financial protection bureau could be defanged under donald trump
disheartened man expected at least one text while checking phone after flight
gwen stefani bares her soul performing 'i used to love you' at the amas
far right surges as italy faces hung parliament
average age of wacky tv neighbors dropping
these nikes are nuts, in a good way
'curses!' shouts fist-shaking meals on wheels ringleader as trump cuts off gravy train
sweating, shaking man never going to spend a little time with his thoughts again
all men are created equal. does president trump agree?
fifth-grader writes 'mrs. alan greenspan' all over her notebook
a new joint message from the kremlin and the trump administration
report: employees most innovative when brainstorming dramatic quitting scenarios
porn star doesn't want to direct
study: majority of americans fantasize about other countries during national anthem
up-and-coming local band signs two-cassette deal
single woman getting all dolled up to watch room full of people make out this new year's eve
lieberman's overlords most displeased
9 things parents could buy with the money they spend on child care
denzel washington doesn't think hollywood has a colorism problem
classic movie 'avatar' updated for today's audiences
nostalgic hope hicks barely recognizes young woman on white house id badge
obama to take break from stumping to preside over united states
empty wall behind couch falls into girlfriend's crosshairs
bird of paradise just staring at david attenborough during courtship dance
how to get the perfect summer body
7-year-old only likes corn
environmentalists speak out against excessive cheese logging
battle of wits with unwieldy burrito nears thrilling endgame
crude but functional starbucks hewn from rock facing
bumgarner perfect, giants one win away
study finds people on dates know within 30 seconds if other person is newt gingrich
morgan freeman's snapchat fail is hilariously perfect
man insists on calling fanny pack 'lumbar satchel'
struggling justice alito sent down to lower federal court
sea claims flip-flop
sculpture of stereotypical italian chef proof of pizzeria's high standard of excellence
obama administration takes deportation relief for millions to supreme court
kennedy space center displays suit worn by buzz aldrin while lobbying for nasa funding
unremarkable man resembles burt ward
the power of collective voice
indian-american couple's accent makes fight adorable
idaho legislature declares english only language they know
learning the meaning of 'family' -- through intense homophobia
the good fortune of peace
what we're talking about when we talk about skin care
dad hands phone off to mom immediately after being wished happy father's day
#napaquake:  how you can help keep #napastrong
rowdy, raunchy, jet-setting barbados can be more affordable than you might think
if trump praised other historic african-american figures like he did frederick douglass
report: typical city bus contains no fewer than four erections at any given time
public assured escaped convict has 24 years of rehabilitation under his belt
massachusetts is the best place to live if you're a woman
celebrate older americans month by fighting senior poverty
why we eat too much
11 things ultra-productive people do differently
'fifty shades of grey' sequel needs a new director
lucky old woman getting wheeled around airport
trump court pick says he was joking when he compared gay marriage to marrying bacon
ted cruz boldly declares nation not deserving of better candidate
why atlanta could elect its first white mayor in 4 decades
is france right to ban the burkini?
toyota launches 'back to the future'-themed ad campaign
latino democrats arrested protesting trump on immigration
female authors accuse junot diaz of 'virulent misogyny'
new bar to feature 'sports' theme
john kasich rules out 2020 presidential campaign
how third party voters and non-voters could shape the election
which roadtrip movie character are you?
beyoncé, me and the hbcu i should have gone to
why states are struggling to tax services
olivia wilde's post for her daughter's birthday is filled with girl power
undecided ohio voters beg for 3rd option on eve of gop convention
pocket electronic-bible-verse database coveted
the public still can't see the eric garner grand jury records, court rules
it's not the '80s anymore: transition-related care is basic health care
man derives depressing amount of pride from hometown burger chain
diorama of rome built in a day
meet axel, old spice's ridiculous new whale-riding stuntman
the mayor in this city goes door to door to increase student success
everything old is new again
prominent fisheries scientist under fire for seafood industry funding
copycat criminals continue to mimic liquor store robbery from 1822
macklemore reminds grammys audience about cds available for sale in lobby
nation celebrates full week without deadly mass shooting
the first trailer for abc's menéndez brothers documentary treats murderers like rock stars
runaways, neglect and abuse cast shadow on massachusetts school
highway billboard urges 75-mile detour
fraternity members to undergo racial sensitivity hazing
mad men: om is where the heart is
national security council spokesman resigns over donald trump's 'disturbing' actions
lauren conrad is a redhead now
transgender heroes, yes!
watch a hawaiian volcano 'smile' for the camera
fey rights group demands distinction from homosexuals
report: average american feels comfortable in own skin for only 6% of day
the sixth season of 'downton abbey' will reportedly be its last
inside the making of 'serial'
there was a silver lining to the disneyland measles outbreak
woman has few enough friends to consider confiding in sister
facebook plans to hand over russia-linked ads to congress
gina rodriguez's sweet salsa moves raise $10,000 for puerto rico
'army of one' campaign attracting troubled loners to military
why the azores are the best european island destination for all types of travelers
gop voters: 'can we see what it looks like with huntsman and perry again?'
target raises minimum wage to $10 an hour: report
vagina has five o'clock shadow
6 wise and funny lessons on aging -- from animals
dr. oz, mel gibson, & congress called out using steve buscemi and an adorable puppy
mandy moore shows off shiny new engagement ring at 2017 emmy awards
how 'to wong foo' paved the way for the 'drag race' phenomenon
prince harry gets old suit tailored to wear to wedding
first place cops looked was inside at-at
new report finds u.s. employees most engaged at workplace while working as frontman of styx
a price on carbon is neither liberal nor conservative. it's just practical
ben affleck defends decision to set 'argo' in boston
mystery painter turns vile anti-muslim graffiti into message of love
no way old man in park not thinking about dead wife
why bernie sanders and donald trump won the michigan primaries
'60 minutes' reporter reveals trump's chilling reason for slamming the press
crush lasts entire bus ride
kelly ripa returns to 'live' and speaks from the heart after week-long absence
why do americans pursue happiness?
emails: how the obama administration secretly approved expanding piece of enbridge's "keystone xl clone"
john goodman's angry rex tillerson spews about being fired by a 'moron' on 'snl'
o'casey's plays return to stage at philly irish theater
eric bolling tells bill o'reilly not to use his son's death as political cover
rick perry returning to iowa
roof of mouth in serious condition following cap'n crunch consumption
ruthless, powerful ceo has become very thing he loves most
bill maher says 'pride and prejudice' won out in uk's brexit vote
kris kristofferson pretty sure he's going on after some guy named lord
alligator can't stop thinking about delicious swan from last week
'richie rich' comics introduces new, even gayer character
masked robber foiled after unfriending victim on facebook
ellen degeneres prepares to host academy awards by spending eight hours a day in oscars simulator
longtime heckler just kind of fell into heckling
u.s. swimmers should be charged for false testimony, vandalism: brazil police
nfl team spends days hiding 'fresh prince of bel-air' lyrics in cryptic tweets
aurora releases theater shooting response report
chaka khan collaborates with terri lyne carrington on sinatra's 'i'm a fool to want you'
flash-animated osama bin laden captured
area man could eat
sinclair broadcasting orders local anchors to record bizarre 'hostage' video
man's ironclad grasp of issue can withstand 2 follow-up questions
'real people' in car commercials are either actors or not terribly bright
we have no idea how many latinos get arrested or imprisoned in the u.s.
trump didn't need a watergate to sink his ratings to nixonian levels
watch: why juliette lewis' parents helped her get emancipated
patient's teeth could be fix for common cause of blindness
obama, romney urge americans to purchase 'the onion book of known knowledge'
why azealia banks will never redefine 'faggot'
jorge ramos producer speaks out about press conference incident
france's prime minister knows what's in a name
bin laden conspiracy theories share one problem
report: more television viewers becoming desensitized to drama
nation exhibits strange preoccupation with manner in which food is processed
cheney regrets buying bush laser pointer
#nofilter skin, baby hairs & more major beauty moments from new york fashion week
melissa etheridge marries linda wallem
iraq pm: yemen conflict could engulf entire region in war
new yorkers dismayed at election results can seek out 'subway therapy'
emails: u.s. government facilitated lng business deals before terminals got required federal permits
egypt sentences 17 people to jail for practicing homosexuality
alcoholic father granted posthumous sainthood by catholic family
north korea says it's open to talking denuclearization with the u.s.
greenspan considering role in ocean's eleven remake
celebrating the 10th anniversary of the huffington post
peterson given lifetime channel sentence
my first man-crush: james garner
karate studio hoping to get local phone number that spells out word 'kick' or 'chop'
adventures in instructional coaching: it's time to teach
1 dead after southwest airlines flight suffers engine failure
judge orders florida's 'stand your ground' law to step back
congress orders clerk to see if he has any in the back
black cat runs onto hockey rink, likely dooming san jose sharks
why clinton will win
the evolution of the feminist label, according to two iconic activists
empowering women and girls to own their worth
recycling opens the door to a circular economy
stunning time-lapse video captures one of the world's strangest landscapes
david beckham stared down a studio camera: here's what we know
guinness forced to recognize bigger record book
glade introduces new air freshener mask
stop referring to fathers as babysitters
going beyond the usual arguments about gun safety
ariel winter slayed prom with this disney princess moment
the price for killing workers must be prison
government report on illiteracy copied straight from encyclopedia
barber just latest in string of humans to feign interest in what area man says
take yourself to work every day!
the eu, the grexit, and market failure
losing-powerball-numbers announcement enters 17th hour
seattle ushers in $15 minimum wage amid national debate
jay-z ceo resigns after stock price plunges
a guide to taylor swift's dating history
kanye west ice cream week returns to new york
u.k. to investigate cambridge analytica, asks facebook auditors to stand down
how will america respond to cold war ii?
the importance of trying
making sense of the trump russia morass
writer michelle theall talks memoir teaching the cat to sit and lgbt issues (audio)
showoff pallbearer carries casket by himself
trump takes moment to thank all the fear in audience for making this night possible
donald trump was losing this election anyway
why it might cost you a bit more to get in the door at costco
michelle obama quietly reassigned to department of agriculture after butting heads with president
anti-slavery hamilton may get to stay on $10 bill while genocidal slaver jackson gets pushed off the $20
local los angeles awards show slated to open for grammys
ll cool j struggles to come up with way to brag about being in rollerball
man proposes to girlfriend on romantic plane ride, immediately throws up
from atop the government, trump takes care of 'friends'
protests continue for stephon clark on martin luther king jr.'s death anniversary
towels across water park lounge chairs mark family's ironclad claim
brad pitt scampers away from script after detecting musk of chris pine on pages
u.s. to slow down relationship with uruguay
'it's just a nice place to live': meet the people of charleston
inanimate object despised
heaven adds guardrail after fifth angel plunges over edge
nato launches mission in the aegean sea to end smuggling of migrants, refugees
family at restaurant reminds grandma what food she likes
area man will be judge of whether woman actually true baseball fan
hotel/restaurant mogul robert earl wants you to be his guest
jessica simpson's hsn appearance has some scratching their heads
impoverished child in third world dreams about one day leaving light on for no reason
supreme court leaves final decision on gay marriage in capable hands of texas, alabama, georgia
north korea open to talks with u.s., south korea's presidential office says
partygoers drunkenly recite 4-h pledge
veterans are pissed at trump for not knowing how to spell marine corps
study finds harshly criticizing u.s. education system only causing it to fall further behind peers
texas republicans urge trump-style immigration crackdown
tucker carlson unsure why he in middle of 20-minute rant against croutons
to understand health care repeal, follow the money
watch this little girl age 80 years right before your eyes
panicked er doctor calls 911
jeff bridges seated directly behind support column at golden globes
evangelical voters don't care that trump's not religious
'how could harvey weinstein get away with this?' asks man currently ignoring sexual misconduct of 17 separate coworkers, friends, acquaintances
last-minute advice for parents paying for college - part i
who needs 10 fps when you can have 1 frame every 10 minutes? 5 min portrait 1850's edition
white house: trump didn't mean wiretapping when he accused obama of wiretapping
fictional books within books we wish were real
let's talk about solar power and equity
new evidence suggests dinosaurs died in cretaceous period hospice
how we should be thinking about russia's role in the election
shaun white called out by accuser's lawyer for minimizing sexual harassment
skeleton crew makes its move
this obviously aliens' first abduction
national weather service: 'don't go surfing unless you can really shred that shit'
woman has drawn-on eyebrows, nose, eyes, mouth
great books of western civilization used to accent den
area man purchases the devil's advocate on dvd for some reason
a poignant 'sgt. pepper'-style tribute to the stars we've lost in 2016
african leaders still treating clinton as president
friend who sent link to 8-minute youtube video must be fucking delusional
holy crap! british artist will cast your anus in bronze (nsfw)
this chinese video ​explains​ why beijing rejects the south china sea ruling
'dotard' vs. 'rocketman': the nuclear standoff that rattled 2017
pope francis pursues sinner across vatican city rooftops
office cheering on employee going for 32-minute nonstop work streak
mourners gather for funeral of supreme court justice antonin scalia
least avid sports fan tasked with fetching the next round
building a sustainable 'highway of the future'
another comedian ruined by parenthood
romney makes desperate, last-ditch bid for presidency
sam bee's show explains the gop tax plan 'in terms even a trump kid' can understand
area new york times 98 percent unread
5 must-try international takes on macaroni & cheese
'the simpsons' predicted disney would buy fox nearly 20 years ago
nate berkus and jeremiah brent are married!
harper lee announces third novel, 'my excellent caretaker deserves my entire fortune'
here's how washington, d.c. can drive innovation in education throughout the country—with no strings attached
how to cook eggs to reduce your risk of salmonella
eric trump 'liked' michelle wolf's blistering cracks about sarah huckabee sanders
ivana trump calls ex-husband to ask him what he did to her beautiful baby boy
shrimp would be pissed if he could see the lame party he's going to be served at
this is what it's like to be gay in iran
new yorker article unread in brooklyn, queens, bronx, staten island
michelle obama's face is on this teen's prom dress for the most inspiring reason
sexual 'fluidity' makes singer kacy hill feel 'like a woman'
father of otto warmbier will attend winter olympics in south korea: report
betsy devos stirs uproar by saying schools can call ice on undocumented kids
cuba joins one billion rising to end violence against women
michael jordan accidentally packaged in plastic
the military can't come up with a name for its war against isis. we're here to help.
conscious business trumps the president's paris decision
the forest that fights climate change
man looking for job that plays to his natural talent for half-assing things
weekend roundup: the orlando shooting reveals the clash of civilizations within
after dark: meet kenny kenny, visual poet and nightlife icon
most recommended marketing tools by pro bloggers
new orleans adopts $10 cover charge
brazil's miss bumbum stirs controversy with body art (nsfw)
north carolina governor: criticism over anti-lgbt law is 'political theater'
liberals horrified by lack of inexperience among obama appointees
stephen curry is way better than his dad at playing horse
unbelted rider in the back could kill someone in the front
the ukraine: what would churchill do?
manchester bomber was motivated to commit terrorism by hate preachers, not religion
area man busts his ass all day, and for what?
cnn's corey lewandowski reignites donald trump's long-debunked 'birther' conspiracy theory
iran arrests fashion models in social media crackdown
top of mt. everest pulling away majority of hollywood films with generous tax credit program
lung cancer: saved by the scan
driver rules out driver error in crash
masturbating mom can't get bobby flay southwestern eggs demo to stop buffering
who says all countries should tax sugary drinks to curb obesity
black voter turnout so far is not good for hillary clinton
quentin tarantino calls uma thurman car crash 'biggest regret of my life'
spineless democratic senator caves to demands of sick children
7 ways i've changed for the better in the 7 years since turning 50
twitterverse trolls marco rubio over his 'fool' bible verse tweet
netflix town criers announce arrival of 'mad men' season 6 on streaming
donald trump to skip naacp convention
norma at san francisco opera
the lesbians that founded the gay village and the mafia alliance they made for protection
latest online security breach forces mom to change post-it
after peddling islamophobia, trump to give speech on islam while in saudi arabia
trumpismo! and american fascism
trump's tax cut challenge
marilyn monroe's jfk birthday dress sells for an unbelievable sum
these posts reveal the terrible double standard of how we handle black death
sam bee presents horrific tales 'coming from inside the white house'
chaps unnecessary
standard deviation not enough for perverted statistician
15,000 brown people dead somewhere
30-year-old factors in birthday money
local dullard opts for vocational school
man gets all the way to hospital just to find out wife will be fine
love hurts: a mature, brief surmise on moving on from rejection and heartache
a childless woman's response to 'you're missing out'
charity for homeless returns martin shkreli's $15,000 donation
here's the 'gilmore girls' revival teaser and release date
poster vandal enters 'phallus in mouth' period
flu vaccine recalled due to defective government tracking microchips
federal reserve accidentally leaks secret documents
speed stick now available in neapolitan
roller coaster designer's artistic vision sullied by fantastic four tie-in
time traveler from 2008 freaked out by guy wearing google glass while smoking e-cigarette
donald trump to begin fundraising 'right away'
lester holt begins debate by reminding audience these the candidates they chose
millions of policy proposals spill into sea as brookings institution think tanker runs aground off crimea coast
obama refutes allegation that he wiretapped trump tower during campaign
trump brags that he won most of the women's vote in 2016. he didn't.
irish wake a blur
try to keep calm but k-pop band bts is getting a documentary series
our nation's celebrities: what are they wearing?
greyhound doesn't know if its own bus drivers are too tired
middle (st)age never stop learning
trump administration proposes massive expansion of offshore drilling
hard day's work fails to yield sense of job well done
couple always like this
man dies all by himself
knowing hillary
wedding dj assures anxious man he hasn't forgotten 'build me up buttercup' request
cindy gallop - redefining the future of sex and impacting the world
pope francis reverses position on capitalism after seeing wide variety of american oreos
gay gene isolated, ostracized
head-on collision with a ford
solidarity, prayers and support for torched st. louis churches
glaad to honor any mainstream film that gets one thing right about being gay
britney spears is the coolest skater mom
industrious otters now capitalizing on oil spills
where you can listen to prince online in honor of the late music icon
how to stop being a martyr
tom cruise holds his breath for 6 minutes for 'mission: impossible - rogue nation' stunt
bob hope happy to see so many troops in heaven
avoid confrontation in the south china sea
no one in women's shelter able to cook decent meal
a st. paddy's day green juice crawl is a thing that exists
it's high time we research medical marijuana
autism at 16: cookie monster and the coliseum
hillary clinton wows russians with poignant chekhovian monologue
outside groups kick into high gear post-primary in georgia, south carolina
this may be the most disgusting thing you'll see all week (we warned you)
report: 65% of all wildlife now used as homosexual subculture signifier
man assumed celebrity sighting would do more for his career
god reveals jerusalem actually only 87th holiest site on earth
photos of janet jackson's style evolution through the years
suspected mh370 debris arrives in france for investigation
what your movements may reveal about how you'll get along with another person
man at gym apparently comfortable standing naked right in middle of spin class
ilana glazer to street harassers: 'lick my balls'
national dialogue dusted off
10 reasons not wearing yoga pants should be illegal
seventh-graders still undecided on disparaging name for mr. hyslop
police make first arrest in connection to oregon militia standoff
new swiss army phone may pose health risks
niall horan and james corden parody ginuwine's 'pony' in this halloween treat
democrats will insist on 60 votes for trump's high court nominee
el salvador zoo hippo died from poor care, not beating, prosecutors say
an eerie series that examines whether we ever truly die on the internet
betsy devos is right: professors are a threat to the trumpist movement
obama always freaked out by people standing above him smiling whenever he signs bill
in five days
florida shooter's former friend says she reported him to school 'multiple' times
women have a tougher time recovering from heart attacks. here's why
struggling supreme court loses eighth consecutive case
the limits of corporate citizenship: why walgreen shouldn't be allowed to influence u.s. politics if it becomes swiss
area grandparents still have no idea what grandson does for a living
amber tamblyn's haunting poems illuminate the lives of dead actresses
news roundup for february 28, 2017
the ingredient that's worse than sugar -- and 2 others to watch for
john bolton, top contender for secretary of state, calls for regime change in iran
kevin pierre-louis is tackling depression stigma by sharing his own experience
serial killer annoyed by young murderers with no appreciation for albert fish
are hackathons changing the way we do business?
is north korea really ready to negotiate its denuclearization?
single mom ready to get back out there during 30 minutes per week she's not working or watching daughter
entirety of hollywood film industry replaced with 40,000 christopher plummers
cambridge analytica whistleblower admits last few weeks at work have been awkward
aunt flo makes all the visits you never asked for in adorable video
experts: ebola vaccine at least 50 white people away
average time spent being happy drops to 13 seconds per day
pants attempt to convey what owner can't
independent bookstore puts the dave eggers right where the fuckers can find them
i'm a straight business owner in mississippi and i'm horrified by my state's new anti-lgbtq law
st. louis cardinals fans have a seriously racist response to ferguson protesters
8-year-old boy surprises marine dad during firefight in afghanistan
women reveal the real purpose of workout clothes
cops attempt to unlock phone of man they killed using his finger
dan aykroyd has aykroyds
this is why the beyhive is mad at emma watson
parents respond to article that celebrates dads for one day of parenting
study: owning a boat not worth it
the parental blame game
city terrorized but unimpressed by serial killer who just shoots victims
why so many whites think they are discriminated against
brad pitt bored with sight of jennifer aniston's naked body
gop senator still thinks efforts to end housing discrimination fueled financial crisis
disgusting couple always interacting in public
the transformation of justin bieber from a white youth to a black man
make the right calls on baseball reform
3 lessons medicine learned from the life and death of 'bubble boy'
report: half of all americans probably should have thought of that before they opened their mouth
billy bush reportedly out at 'today' and negotiating exit from show
pope francis's life depicted in new comic book
study finds growing number of americans would be comfortable with female pep boy
what makes a gop leader resist trump?
who are the yazidi?
betty friedan honored with second-class postage stamp
watch: tennis star mirjana lucic-baroni delivers the world's greatest motivational speech
these stunning older celebs ruled the oscars red carpet
same thang second strang.
nationwide tax day marches demand donald trump release his tax returns
supreme court justice application asks for 3 sample opinions
hillary clinton and donald trump did not shake hands before their second debate
food purchased as souvenir tragically revealed to be available back home
jack lew nears decision to keep hamilton on front of $10 bill, put a woman on the $20
american muslims and philanthropy
democrats are ceding foreign policy too early in the 2016 election
rick scott won't be endorsing a republican presidential primary candidate
despite claims, long story not made short
black-backed jackals seek asylum in wildlife preserve as preventative measure
up to 50,000 cases of cholera expected in somalia by this summer: who
rip fred hellerman of the weavers, a group that was a lot more than just 'influential'
report: you have won!
family lets cars come inside house during snowstorm
will trump follow through on guns? he didn't do so on immigration.
drexel professor says 'white genocide' holiday wish was 'satirical'
white nationalists have been saying 'diversity is not our strength' for years
truthful tuesday: the forgetful edition
my high school boyfriend, the con artist
report: album as good as 'sgt. pepper' comes out about once every month
this roald dahl clothing line is a childhood dream come true
police find adorable little skeleton
retailers hiring the most employees for the holidays
everything that's wrong with business in america given promotion
robert redford may be wrong when he said retirement leads to death
this one thing can enhance your office productivity
tortured ugandan political prisoner wishes uganda had oil
new study finds majority of god's blessings burn up on entry into atmosphere
what's really lurking in those pedicure tubs?
nunes: 'the american people have a right to know the contextless, selectively-edited truth'
canadian police probing stabbing and car attacks as terrorism
pregnant woman glows with rage
yale humanists seek to unite new haven community with holiday obelisk
jupiter may be to blame for the fate of our solar system's missing planet
things get chilly between ted cruz and marco rubio
what #digitalhealth can learn from the fight against hiv/aids
man dies after telling police who chased him 'i can't breathe,' sources say
heaven prepares for huge rush of college kids over spring break
new biblical text reveals god first sent christ to save elk as practice
paul ryan delivers impassioned 10-minute pained facial expression
stupid 16-year-old completely wasting adderall prescription on mental health
mannequins seem really in love
awe-inspiring photos of military servicewomen walking the runway
christina aguilera to guest judge on 'rupaul's drag race' season premiere
hurricane harvey is just the latest in facebook's fake news problem
the giant panda is no longer listed as endangered
california's golden healthcare opportunity
dress code cracked
liberals, it's time to look at ourselves in the mirror
joe biden urges people to watch how their senators vote on gun bills
lena dunham slams the shame associated with psychiatric medication
kasich all but declares 2016 presidential run
everyone doing it, schoolyard sources allege
aisle view: the queen takes the stage
local burger feels especially disgusting today
watch live: dave coulier dishes on 'fuller house'
quaaludes are back, reports quaalude-taking journalist
baby jesus and the war on christmas
syrian olympic swimmer shuts down anti-refugee rhetoric in 4 words
my lovely wife in the psych ward
academy calls possible effect of trump's ban on foreign nominees 'extremely troubling'
area man can't imagine life without this woman
receipt brazenly placed in bag without permission
a farm boy meets his prince in a beautiful new children's book
listen: radio hosts fired over shocking transphobic broadcast
another fond childhood memory destroyed
there's going to be a 'law & order' reality show where you decide the verdict
helping the planet, and your appetite, by dining on invasive species
cutting off politwoops, twitter follows the needs of politicians, not public interest
supreme court hears arguments in major privacy rights case
what's it like waiting for donald trump to take office? a career federal employee spills the beans
reince priebus says rnc was 'absolutely not hacked'
new history channel program explores what would have happened if history channel never existed
defense: 'george zimmerman is, you know, he's a decent enough guy'
while trump attacks colin kaepernick, the quarterback is donating to meals on wheels
area man glad his brother is giving mom grandkids
disabled prisoners raped, abused, kept in solitary in australia, report says
brunch livened up by jazz trio's violent breakup
car passengers launch urgent, mid-street investigation into whether woman in parking spot coming or going
they wore it best: miami's most glam moments of 2014
here's what i'm doing with my 'thoughts and prayers' this week
julianne moore stuns in custom chanel
pen pal becomes pen foe
youtuber wastes 2 whole minutes explaining how to prep a deck for sealant as if viewer total moron
how to get your home guest ready for the holidays
outback steakhouse at the center of bizarre conspiracy theory
advocates rally around transgender migrant woman detained in all-male facility
an agenda for supporters of a two-state solution
pentagon to surround self with pentagon decoys
the one question that captures the bittersweet reality of divorce
from bulldogs to elephant walks: chats with johnny mathis, monica mancini and anson williams, plus matt hires works with rmh
romney campaign releases new picture of candidate standing in situation room during bin laden raid
the most important things we know after nfl week 3
how your credit card limit affects your ability to get a job
bringing the girl scout movement to the crossroads of the west
consumers turning to tabletop options in backlash against video games
obama delivers whispered, untelevised speech on gun control
guy from sopranos drops by local pizza parlor for free slice
area roofer badmouths college
death with dignity advocates say most catholic voters support the right to die
lack of progress on nato may turn georgia towards russia
gap closures to leave americans with fewer places to buy pants for friend's wedding at last second
you have the right to remain obnoxious
bernie sanders requests kentucky primary recanvass
bush: 'history cannot judge me if i end it soon'
weird debate viewer using tonight to inform herself about candidates' policy stances
obama narrowly misses quarterly performance bonus
employees from other department announce plan to ramble on about fucking nothing right next to your desk
game of thrones: tyrion will soon betray daenerys
the most important thing i want my wife to know this mother's day
mariah carey rings in 2017 with painful lip sync fail on live tv
polar bear cub just knows he's going to be last of species
resident of three years decries neighborhood's recent gentrification
man who can't get enough mucus enjoying winter season
radiator saving single loudest clank for 3:32 a.m.
trevor noah skewers betsy devos with fake for-profit university ad
pepsico marketing mix-up results in $300 million lemon-lime doritos campaign
u.s. military prepares for biggest okinawa land return since 1972
trump's space adviser wants to toss nasa's climate research funding
geithner refuses to come down off capitol dome
a multi-ethnic easter
sean spicer finally calls it quits after 6 months of humiliations
best off-the-radar foreign retirement spots
who is qualified to sing at mariah carey's wedding? 'f**king nobody'
4 tips to help your brand reach the millennial market
rush limbaugh tucks shirt back in following animated flat tax rant
michelle obama, hillary clinton, barbara bush hit d.c. bar scene for first ladies night specials
what to stream on netflix in october
hero firefighter: 'i'm a hero'
partygoer rolls a couple of fat burritos to pass around
why trans musician laura jane grace refuses to cancel her nc show
abc corrects explosive michael flynn report that drove down stocks
best-laid plans of mice mostly cheese-related
black parkland students want peers to 'share the mic'
china is eating trump's lunch
'american horror story' releases three torturous teasers for season 6
infomercial host skeptical at first, then delighted by product
11 doodles to help you hang in there after heartbreak
samantha bee goes full 'schoolhouse rock' with video about rape kit bill
and the top markets for renting to millennials are...
dad advice is the best advice
january jones wears many faces for violet grey
watch cop's extremely lucky escape as car slams into gas station
officials warn consumers of counterfeit tickets ahead of solar eclipse
dirty slush machine provides children in florida taste of winter
ukraine: nationalist flags, insignia and curious symbolism
indonesia's oldest queer rights group turns 30 facing difficult future
study: majority of humans happiest when rest of family still asleep
internet to reduce e-mail delivery to 6 days a week
blagojevich just getting started
why the notion of a 'ferguson effect' on policing is so problematic
depositions show donald trump as quick to exaggerate and insult
new seals & croft cd club offers 600 seals & crofts cds for a penny
can caribbean cricket get its (political) groove back?
camila cabello's cover of 'say you won't let go' is raw power
area man thinking about getting one of those all-body scans
the stars bundle up in style on our cheap celebrity finds list
way too much raised for bronchitis research
the welcome return of black wall street
mark-paul gosselaar obviously authored own imdb trivia
protesters rally against gop health care plan at senate office building
this teenager's gory special effects videos are bloody impressive
an astronaut's suggestion on how to fix politics would be expensive but probably pretty effective
astronaut scott kelly to retire from nasa
fewer words about sex, food and documentaries
that knife guy from high school arrested in knife-related incident
gwyneth paltrow testifies against man accused of stalking her for 17 years
father showing kids 'field of dreams' for first time unaware kevin costner sparking son's sexual awakening
landmarks turn blue for world autism awareness day
little kid dreams the impossible dream, tries to whistle
newly blond kanye west makes first appearance after hospitalization
"sing" is an optimistic song to the world
these stunning photos capture the loneliness of insomnia
when do i get to stop spinning the plates?
one down, 999 still to go: building a better approach to business
what common can teach men about getting dressed
5 late-night hosts made the same dumb joke about trump's nondisclosure agreement
scientific proof that having a squad makes life less painful
sylvester stallone's teenage daughter sistine is a bonafide runway model
mom could have used few more days to self before missing daughter returned
clever husband has the perfect solution to bed-hogging struggles
veterans finding a new outlook outdoors
'wow, no one saw this coming' nation groans as norway's 'kon-tiki' nabs best foreign picture nomination
millions of holiday travelers return from parents' homes all caught up on 'the mentalist'
fall internship pays off with coveted winter internship
gop congressman who once tried to unseat john boehner blasts colleagues for trying to do the same
the bible has no place in modern american society: sobering lessons from donald trump and kim burrell
our new mother within
navy hospital removes staffers for calling babies 'mini satans' on social media
beanie baby collection stares at owner with 226 cold, dead eyes
ambitious test on tap for real-life 'flying saucer'
fetish only realized after watching wife drown
aquarium touch tank lets kids pet water in natural environment
man unable to wear nice clothes without everyone asking questions
under trump, muslim book publishers are fighting against hate
a pastoral letter to older generations about those frustrating millennials
third-person limited omniscient narrator blown away by surprise ending
u.s. federal judge orders ohio to restore early voting for general election
king of queens creator thinks everyone's ripping him off
obese man impaled in wicker-chair disaster
disturbingly deep voice emanates from minnie mouse costume
trump campaign ceo steve bannon failed to properly pay taxes for several years
procrastinating catholic 20 rosaries behind
cool ashtray found
trump fans the flames
check out these exhausted olympians at the end of the decathlon
trump promises government will continue to fund all essential mar-a-lago staff during shutdown
i was pranked by muhammed ali
chloe kim recalls growing up under parents' intense pressure to just chillax and shred the gnar gnar
the new new net neutrality
company hosts fun night for employees to get drunk and complain
for north carolina attorney general, running for governor will mean taking on his top client
ticketed motorist pointing finger just the green light cop needed
donald trump unveils tax plan that would lower taxes for millions
child abuse: how much is too much?
hundreds protest in st. louis after ex-cop acquitted for killing black man in 2011
why is the cuomo administration automatically deleting state employees' emails?
bryan singer asks judge to dismiss sex abuse lawsuit
man who drinks 5 diet cokes per day hoping doctors working on cure for whatever he's getting
man recalls desperate, exhausting 14-month job search that made him want to get into sales
flight attendant quietly informs first class passengers where real emergency exits are
report: fiber optics not a real thing
encouraging the discouraged reader
vain galápagos tortoise trying to pass for 90
miley cyrus apologizes for breasts
god quietly phasing holy ghost out of trinity
man with food in beard saying something about climate change
i'm still here episode 3: an epidemic of epidemics
report: gop candidate against gay marriage was once a gay female impersonator
family revels in height difference between mother and tall son
royal family releases kate middleton ultrasound image
shirtless man turns face from side to side in mirror while running hands down smooth face
pennsylvania governor: dems can combat trump by getting things done
2 democratic senators say neil gorsuch refused to meet with them
freddie prinze jr. fan's favorite color also green
shameless new dad uses craigslist to try to hook up with his wife's delivery nurse
entire room mentally shaving man's facial hair
the truth about trump's ban on trans soldiers
trump delivers anecdote about small business owner who isn't half the man he is
here's why ohio state won't repeat
how to make salt-roasted fish with spicy orange salsa
cockroach milk might be the hot new superfood, according to science
area man coasting by on good looks, work ethic, in-depth knowledge of virginia real estate law
oxford dictionaries' word of the year perfectly sums up life right now
smiling willie nelson reflects on a lifetime of weed and women
nevertheless, she persisted: a year after the first women's march, energy is still high
a bird joins bernie sanders in the most portland thing ever
cryptozoologist falls for it again
police kill armed black man in st. louis on anniversary of another officer-involved shooting
kidnapping going pretty smoothly
senate appropriations has no funding for betsy devos' private school voucher hopes
blissful ignorance commemorated on annual 9/10 anniversary
recent graduate figures she might as well do good in world until economy picks up
vicious, man-eating carnivores on decline in arctic
zoomed out: an #alohahuffpost roundup
the power of words: a letter from the psych ward
petsmart manager does morning sweep of enclosures for dead ones before opening doors for day
11 comedians playing comedians on tv
30 days of online dating: my first tinder date
millionaire thinks of self as upper-middle class
film character moves into beautiful brooklyn brownstone after getting dream publishing job
gop preparing for contested convention
chrissy metz says she was physically abused by her stepfather as a teen
heavy rain floods university's library canteen in just 2 minutes
james comey quickly reopens clinton email investigation for few more minutes
justin timberlake already beneath u.s. bank stadium waiting for super bowl halftime show to start
monkfish wishes monkfish weren't all the rage
seth rogen takes down donald trump in donald trump jr.'s dms
new poll finds 74% of americans would be comfortable blaming female president for problems
egypt sets date for parliamentary elections
fork manufacturer introduces fifth tine to accommodate growing american mouthfuls
'me and mrs. jones' singer billy paul has died
overpopulation of the earth: will it create valuable new markets?
adele's new bodyguard is sending the internet into meltdown
lovebird windshield wipers gleefully chasing each other through rain
donald trump: the four-legged stool
obama orders flags at half-staff to honor victims of oregon shooting
my mother hated tattoos, so naturally i got one for her
justice scalia dead following 30-year battle with social progress
bold new pope shows crowd in saint peter's square how to apply condom
scientists posit theoretical 'productive weekend'
rare autographed portrait of jesus purchased at estate sale
authors are rallying to preserve langston hughes' harlem home
new study finds link between breastfeeding, always knowing what's right for everyone
report: now sadly the best time in american history to be black
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
the best ways to prepare amaranth, the italian vegetable
only kim k would wear a plunging white dress before her wedding
read live updates from the confirmation hearings of several trump cabinet picks
fool me once
area supervisor hates to break up little party
national association advances colored person
watch gigi hadid walk the runway in just one shoe
bernie sanders predicts he'll pull off 'one of the great political upsets' in history
will the ferguson commission's final report just collect dust on a shelf?
pope francis has a very clear message for 'christians' who build walls
want to be a judge under trump? chief justice lays out what the job is like
gay kid excited to be made fun of for second thing
john legend sends personal message to manchester victim's family
most germans fear the effects of a trump election victory
townsperson in online rpg universe figures shield, gold pieces should be safe in barrel
berkeley gets trolled by the alt-right -- again
students watch in sympathy as teacher's humongous ass erases part of whiteboard
grandchild, grandfather equally dreading collaboration for school interview project
bill o'reilly on cliven bundy: 'be careful who you partner up with'
caged saddam to be highlight of inaugural ball
largemouth bass has largemouth sass!
airlines change the carry-on rules
ambitious social media startup has long-term 3-month plan for company
obamacare enrollees anxiously await supreme court decision that threatens their coverage
real-life log flume kills family
ivanka trump and marco rubio's paid leave plan is a disaster for women
notes on a midwestern childhood as ferguson waits
yellowstone park attempts to increase ranger population with new mating program
dnc keynote speaker definitely not keynote speaker only because he's latino
how to recover from unicorn hair
visa calls indians to confirm they actually did intend to take on more salary
walton foundation pledges $1 billion for charter schools
how to pick the perfect retirement location
pool owner has bathing suit that touched his penis you can borrow
the fast food items not even gwyneth paltrow can resist
death and mourning on the easter holiday
nato confronts turkey on human rights concerns after donald trump lets them slide
redstate names leon wolf managing editor as erick erickson prepares exit
why you should stop dreaming
puerto ricans are americans, but that doesn't matter to the u.s.
area man so sick of having to explain family members' political views to them
woman probably just made up rape story in order to get threatening emails
president trump's war on children
daily meditation really helping man stay self-centered
shelling from royal caribbean's m.s. 'allure' sinks carnival cruise vessel that crossed into disputed waters
rupert murdoch says ben carson would be a 'real black president'
trump spends 10 minutes mistakenly addressing steve bannon's freshly shed exoskeleton
gop congresswoman questions the need for government-funded research on gun violence
fda recalls food
name of gay bar should have been clearer
women in business: kate o'brien minson, president and co-founder, integrated listening systems
missed call from dad at 9 a.m. strikes terror into area man's heart
'the bachelor' season 20 premiere recap: ben higgins still feels unlovable
live: south korea vs. algeria
frustrated gunman can't believe how far he has to drive to find nearest planned parenthood clinic
word search on box of frosted mini-wheats fucking impossible
magna carta: awesome tale
is there such a thing as 'too much' coffee?
bernie sanders blocks obama nominee to lead fda
ben affleck vs. bill maher: no one wins
'curb your enthusiasm' over rand paul's uneasy reaction to donald trump
eighth-grader hasn't missed a '69' joke opportunity all year
states now offering millions in tax breaks to any person who says 'high-tech jobs'
'today' anchors wear 'charlie brown' costumes for halloween
the true cost of turning on the lights
the nfl should release the details of its johnny manziel investigation
harry styles announces his world tour dates
to “drain the swamp” - dilute the money flood
road rage video shows driver crushing veteran's motorcycle with his car
dick morris: border crisis could 'wipe out' democrats
'people are inherently good,' world halfheartedly mutters
this 'secret life of pets' clip is a documentary about what your critter pals do all day
jesse williams set to be honored with humanitarian award at the 2016 bet awards
greyhound now offering direct service from kansas to l.a. porn director's driveway
nike ceo blasts trump executive order targeting muslims, refugees
5 ways to get more out of your classes this fall
rick santorum slightly embarrassed for man introducing him as next president of united states
here's why a nonprofit named for anne frank keeps attacking trump
new photo shows medusa nebula is way prettier than its namesake
obama blanks on what he's ineffectually urging congress to take action on now
low-budget film panders just as shamelessly as big studio feature
mario cuomo's legacy
red lobster introduces new mechanical jumbo shrimp ride
an open letter to parents struggling with discipline
'it's the heart of mississippi': meet the people of oxford
plan to be more positive off to shitty fucking start
mom sits down for dinner 3 months after rest of family finishes meal
astronomers discover most distant galaxy yet
gingrich privately regretting not doing 'more jew stuff' on florida campaign trail
12 useful gifts every college grad needs
guys' night out to include several key non-guys
reggie white to host fox's when atheletes talk
poll: 89% of americans believe obama has failed to bring america closer to celestial utopia of endless pleasure
machines won't replace us, they'll force us to evolve
willie nelson spaces on holding farm aid
general teaches defense secretary how to drive tank in k-mart parking lot
podcaster makes solemn promise to improve sound quality next episode
how early-life stress could increase risk of anxiety and depression later in life
obama announces plan to store nation's extra stuff in large plastic crate
measuring spoon hasn't looked back ever since being detached from ring
mike pence disappointed god has never asked him to kill one of own children
george takei has the perfect response to dumb questions about gay people
political blogger mass suicide to be discovered in several weeks
this gay couple shares the beautiful story of how their family formed
here's what we know about bill cosby's defense team
what happened after oprah made this single mom's wildest dreams come true
justin bieber has 3 go-to poses and they're all surprisingly amazing
why donald trump fears women
campaign adviser recommends throwing old blanket over romney for debates
australian forced to flee homeland to sell his microwave omelet cooker
american idol winner already complaining about pressures of fame
trump calls failed bid to repeal obamacare 'pretty impressive'
how baby boomers are redefining healthy aging
for $10, new york city students see 'hamilton' and rap for lin-manuel miranda
10 ways to raise a reader
new study finds earth's core will be most habitable part of planet by 2060
roy moore is guilty of abusing girls and religion
progressive challenger wants birmingham to be 'frontline resistance to trump policies'
man busted for selling drugs and stolen guns from driveway, feds say
'spirit' of the iran nuclear deal is a two-way street
biden co-presents best new starlet award with shyla stylez at 2015 avn adult movie awards show
did the restaurant owner actually say that to a rabbi?
unhappy: an excerpt from 'shitfaced: musings of a former drunk'
fuck, tampon scented
this pit bull with a cleft palate proved doctors wrong and is now living the good life
moderation and modernity: challenges for moroccan islam
'97 camaros to come with pubescent mustaches
behold a tatted up zayn malik
student constructs wedding dress out of divorce papers
'this is the golden age of television,' claim executives who have not yet made show about robotic wizards
ana navarro explains why it's hard for marginalized groups to give trump a chance
the shame game
ali krieger's strategy for taking setbacks in stride
family excited to see dad making friends in new neighborhood
hillary clinton cruises to easy win in arkansas primary
bleary-eyed cosmopolitan staffer cranks out 10 billionth way to bring out the animal in your man
yamaha ceo pleased with current production of jet skis, alto saxophones, snowmobiles, power generators, scooters, golf carts
study: zero people have led satisfying lives after altering original career plans, aspirations
community rallies to save eyesore
if you think your kid has trouble sleeping, this might be why
nation braces for 13 more weeks of coworkers talking about their fantasy football teams
retired cop claims philippine president rodrigo duterte paid him, others to kill suspects
assad linked to syrian chemical attacks for first time
fake trump says meryl streep is 'no tara reid' in conan's spoof phone calls
room scanned for something to sell on ebay
new study finds humans shouldn't spend more than 5 consecutive hours together
guatemalan coffee picker happy if single person starts day alert
south carolina refuses to remove confederate flag from capitol trailer
russian medallist at winter olympics suspected of doping violation: report
emmanuelle seigner in venus in fur: the interview
everything you need to know about food and happiness
how to know when to dial your confidence up -- or down
two people who went to same college ruin evening for rest of group
bizarre assemblage of shapes visible through area man's pockets
get away, jordan: eulogy for jordan edwards
here is how phil jackson and the knicks can win free agency
inside out's tears allay pixar fans' fears: hour of the wolf movie review
nbc reportedly dumps trump-inspired 'law & order: svu' episode until after the election
twitterverse trolls iphone x's new security feature with arya stark jokes
man has eaten last 75 meals out of container or carton
local cat attempts world record for things sat on
john kelly struggles to maintain believable trump impression during phone calls with parkland survivors
the 'perfect body' is a lie. i believed it for a long time and let it shrink my life
from ball turret gunner to guerilla fighter
daily meditation: mantra
junk mail locked back inside letterbox until something more important delivered
man in solitary confinement can't break with reality fast enough
maximum age for strollers raised to 8
firefighter and police officer take adorable photos with their newborn
prima donna surgeon storms out of half-full operating theater
nursing-home residents mate in captivity
stuffed gorilla only into you for your shelf
fbi tracks down elusive picture-disc version of herb alpert's 'whipped cream and other delights'
managing the madness in the middle east
fbi counterterrorists launch media campaign downplaying symbolic value of golden gate bridge
israel agrees to creation of palestinian homeroom
watch nicki minaj's surprise performance with the weeknd on 'snl'
congress may resurrect earmarks. in some states, they never went away
paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam charged in belgium
this mom is fighting to criminalize drowsy driving in her state
911 calls from parkland shooting reveal terror of parents desperate for answers
will conservatives learn anything about the need for regulations from london fire that killed dozens?
man forced to venture pretty far into wilds of internet to have opinion confirmed
the dangers of the comcast time warner merger
replacement socialite cunt sought for simple life cast
frugal couple saves money by making own porn
2 university at albany students charged after pledge dies in hazing incident
dewey decimal system helpless to categorize new jim belushi book
man under impression he went down fighting
watch pharrell dance across the globe in gorgeous 'freedom' video
'a cashier at our davenport location did what?' disgusted sbarro ceo asks
stephen hawking leaves behind beautiful legacy of unheeded warnings to humanity
making sense of probiotics and prebiotics
how a family's lack of access to medical marijuana morphed into a messy legal feud
nsa assures americans that prism 2.0 will be way more invasive
bitcoin plunge reveals possible vulnerabilities in crazy imaginary internet money
sonoma sheriff battles with ice over misinformation on california wildfires
new spiritually correct doll lets children show where and how jesus touched them
russians who hacked dnc reportedly target france's presidential frontrunner
5 easy breakfast bowls that are healthier than cereal
new climate change study just 400 pages of scientists telling americans to read previous climate change studies
heroic pickles holding lid shut from inside
retired factory worker had no idea earnings from '50s would have to support 3 generations of family
watch: mama weasel won't let teeny baby fall behind
sleeping around: how to sleep in a sensory deprivation tank
ugly man with huge penis unsure how to get the word out
donald trump has spent less than any other primary front-runner
how to use facebook to make yourself happy
expectant mother ashamed to realize she's looking forward to new wheat thins flavor more than birth of own child
mariah carey and nick cannon reunite for the holidays
'we'll be moving shortly,' says train conductor waiting for workers to remove dead body from tracks
man pinned under blankets for three days
health department still not able to really prove why people shouldn't be eating candles
james corden makes emotional plea for gun control after vegas tragedy
vietnamese singer wins international transgender beauty pageant
governor demands to know which star on american flag is iowa's
dazed mike pence wakes up 15 miles outside d.c. after asking god to deliver him from evil
myanmar reaches deal to bring rohingya muslims home
federal judge refuses to block mississippi anti-lgbt law
sephora makeup artist helping woman create the perfect pink eye
divorce, life and reconciliation
5-year-old wants to be overworked haitian nanny when he grows up
scientific american somehow makes woman feel bad about her body
paramount hoping overseas market will be dumb enough to embrace latest piece of shit
the little boy from 'love actually' has not changed at all
heidi klum stops talking trump for 'box of lies' with jimmy fallon
man huffs keyboard spray after crash as cop watches
amy schumer talked about her tampon on the emmys red carpet
iranian nuclear scientists hurriedly flush 200 pounds of enriched uranium down toilet during surprise u.n. inspection
stupid man overshadowed by louder stupid man
better skills for a new generation
woman's parents accepting of mixed-attractiveness relationship
it's never too late to be a woman in tech
john oliver: confronting dustin hoffman on sexual misconduct allegations 'unavoidable'
bashar al-assad introduces syrian bike-sharing program
report: recently laid-off workers not doing enough to help economy
why people really buy fur
guy who just wiped out immediately claims he's fine
the u.s. military can't get out (no matter the country or the conflict)
when disaster strikes, mothers and newborns are the most vulnerable
trump's lies aren't lies because 'there's no such thing' as facts anymore, his surrogate says
bank teller's bad spanish skills thwart attempted robbery
jay-z's grandfather busted with trunk full of canadian prescription drugs
god realizes he forgot to put souls in humans
outkast universally accepted
law enforcement and mental illness: not what they're meant for
an apology to my fellow black woman
walking in memphis: huffpost's listen to america tour stops in tennessee
businessman goes home for the holidays to network with family
child assured most monsters do not exist
first nighter: gyllenhaal, wilson illuminate nick payne's 'constellations'
univision anchor booed at commencement after speaking spanish, mentioning trump
imf chief lagarde found guilty in french tycoon payout trial
connecticut to give its electoral college votes to national popular vote victor
mitch mcconnell walks back roy moore criticism
james woods goes after anderson cooper with homophobic 'butt plug' tweet
poor kwanzaa sales disappoint retailers
entire blogosphere stunned by blogger's special weekend post
nation wishes area man were a creep, but, ugh, he's actually really fucking nice
conservatives lash out at 'republican welfare' as opposition to 'ryancare' grows
cop confident he'll be exonerated by clear video evidence of him shooting defenseless black man
area 5-year-old telling, area 5-year-old telling
i wore crocs to work for a week — and lived to tell the tale
army drives 9/11 mastermind's lawyer to sacrifice his military career
colorado sheriff accused of sexually assaulting inmate with developmental disabilities
cuban migrants adrift at sea drank own blood and urine to stay alive
it's complicated: 5 tips for using facebook while dating
northeast ohio and the san francisco bay area have more in common than nba mvps and championship games
royal baby already crawling
democrats call for convincing amount of condemnation for al franken
kidnapped hilton sisters appalled by captor's basement
tight wisconsin house primary too close to call (update)
bitch be gettin' all that way
west virginia teachers plan statewide strike
'take your kid to work day' results in npr newscast shutting down for full minute
could cannabis prevent childhood seizures?
oxford student wins prize for photo of atom taken with dslr camera
friend's threats to come visit becoming disturbingly more genuine
super pac men: how political consultants took a texas oilman on a wild ride
producer wants to call movie crime and punishment anyway
weird wooden chair pressed into service for thanksgiving
huffpollster: voters overwhelmingly say losing candidates should concede
this artist created a show just for dogs, and they loved it
new carl's jr. bedtime burger designed to be eaten while asleep
grandma pulls pudding roll-ups from recesses of cupboard
private prisons, we have a problem
mother surprised son needs so much ammunition for first day of school
prego marketing new marinara as 'the premiere sauce for the #metoo moment'
this labor day let's rethink the texas miracle
olivia wilde takes down subway riders who don't give seats to pregnant women
woman apologizes to therapist for monopolizing conversation
a third of americans say they know someone affected by harvey
report: majority of time in pool spent urging others to enter pool
this week in...: 19 hypocrisies and counting
the assassination of democracy: a death of a thousand cuts
the legend of goddess bunny, hollywood's forgotten, disabled, trans art star
welcome to myanmar's (empty) capital city, president obama!
13 badass grandparents who are having more fun than you
meg gavin's gps guide for finding perspective
gm covered with giant tarp until it has money to work on cars again
'the adventures of young hillary' is what america needs right now
latinos face digital divide in health care
completely sober employee still embarrassing self at company party
new 'phone book' raising serious privacy issues
god shoots himself while cleaning gun
'sister act' remake proves hollywood needs to stop
philip morris scientists discover 'pussy lung' virus
you know what else makes it hard to read the 2016 race? poll methods
'twas hubris led me here,' thinks naked woman sitting on public toilet with romper around her ankles
donald trump opponents' path to victory is dark and full of terrors
women and heart disease
paula jarrel's gps guide for expressing self compassion
chrissy teigen has 2 words for hater who insinuated she's a gold digger
surprise! the russian media just loves donald trump
why we don't know the size of the transgender population
enzyme humbled to have played part in successful biochemical reaction
in this cleveland family, anti-trump doesn't always mean pro-clinton
thomas pogge has 'done damage' to yale philosophy department, colleague says
steve bannon marks draft of executive order he likes with noxious pheromone secretion
house democrats forced to move all their things back into disgusting minority locker room
huffpost headline quiz: jan. 20 to jan. 26
vegetarian begins sad, private routine of scanning menu for little green v's
area man under impression he got dressed up
flying squirrel loves it every time
video shows security guard choking black teen accused of shoplifting in new york
hillary clinton is not telling the truth about wall street
don't passively online shame hurricane irma residents
migrant women sentenced for having unmarried sex in qatar
mumford and sons can't believe they all got each other mandolins for christmas
tucker carlson's bizarre rant over lauren duca
meek coworker taken down a notch
sarah palin slams donald trump's carrier deal as 'crony capitalism'
from 'scandal' to 'house of cards,' political dramas are suffering in the trump era
hanson sweeps 1998 nambla awards
nato troops killed in afghanistan helicopter crash
halloweiner frankfest 2013 poster now relic of time long gone
how meeting susan anspach completed the circle
janice to register three; janice to register three
naked eric trump runs through state dinner pursued by screaming au pair
cholera outbreak makes americans glad they don't live in africa
invisibility cloak may be moving closer to reality
how do conservatives ignore trump's behavior?
mccain stares at screen, attempts to write family christmas letter
these are the most generous cities in america
a review of 'jim wallis: in conversation'
'duke of burgundy' is the all-female erotic drama you need to see
khloé kardashian finally reveals her pregnancy in emotional instagram
voters excited to use midterms to put country back on different wrong track
area man shocked to see his elementary school has a website
winter storm brings ice and freezing rain to central u.s.
the extraordinary life of a flight paramedic in the canadian arctic
'game of thrones' star maisie williams claps back at sexist headline
trump praises saddam hussein again — this time for killing terrorists 'so good'
ted cruz says he's leaning no on the new obamacare repeal bill
guy just totally smoking weed on street
real-life scene filled with product placement
airbnb host decides handwritten note necessary to protect cocktail sauce in fridge
heat rises for fbi director james comey as both campaigns demand email answers
rwanda is becoming a magnet for chinese money and migrants
freak accident paralyzes man from waist up
romney goes after obama with powerpoint presentation
this group wants to build a giant barrier to pull trash from the pacific
donald trump picks elaine chao to lead department of transportation
argument between grandmas ends in shootout at texas walmart, cops say
defense department typo results in u.s. attack on ira
3 million reasons for small business owners to believe
'planet earth' pa still trying to get release forms from every bird in serengeti
new study finds unplanned pregnancies continuing to decline in bruce springsteen lyrics
'climate' is not mentioned once in trump's infrastructure plan
ulysses and the hedge trimmer
on being cold, tired, and hungry... and a jerk!
4 uncommon but serious ear infection complications
the feds are going to collect better data on police killings, but we probably won't see it
teen crafting marketable persona in garage hoping to one day win grammy
romney throws quinceañera for ann in last-minute attempt to get hispanic vote
heroic officer rescues skunk on same street where he once saved ducklings
actual x-ray vision is coming soon
jimmy kimmel brings tourists into oscars for highly entertaining bit
history doomed to repeat itself, reports man who just dropped food on pants
women rewrite the constitution in jay-z's 'family feud,' directed by ava duvernay
larry wilmore takes down bill cosby on 'the nightly show'
heartbroken russian ambassador thought special meetings with jeff sessions were very memorable
it's already looking like trump vs. clinton in this swing virginia county
aides trying to talk trump out of sending associates to break into watergate office complex
controversial theory suggests aliens may have built ancient egypt's intergalactic spaceport
divest or double down?
'what if no one travels anywhere ever again?' wonders panicked transportation secretary
tiq milan opens up about trans male visibility, his advocacy work and liberation
no bern-ing love for hillary
inner-city teacher inspires students to stab him
court rules adnan syed of 'serial' podcast has the right to a new trial
naïve detective suspects fair play
memphis airport panda express takes over as nation's most depressing place
can of soda in freezer realizing owner never coming back for it
here's how a landmark ruling on trans teens' rights could have a colossal impact on schools
apple unveils single colossal iphone all americans can use at once
why i no longer dream of having it all
how do you sleep at night while cutting meals on wheels? a white house guide
the 'rain room' is coming to los angeles, not to be confused with actual rain
adorable cotton candy girl is the hero we all need right now
a lot of americans don't know that puerto ricans are americans, too
benghazi committee chair: staffer fired for classified info breach
young couple hasn't yet realized they don't have to do grocery shopping, laundry together
the crossfit case for equal pay
report: nation's concept of breakfast rapidly deteriorating
l.l. bean's ceo offers to help workers affected by trump's travel ban
6 tips for coping with a debilitating disease
microsoft wants to let you know when the feds are snooping in your email
equal pay won't happen as long as employers ask for salary histories
chipotle is testing queso in hopes of turning business back around
neil patrick harris asks: are these kids meeting santa or getting a shot?
panicked keynote speaker suddenly can't remember what future of innovation is
this is the tiger that earl woods raised
clinton emotionally ready to start getting blow jobs again
april cruelty
'trump that b***h' sign at nashville gas station offends many residents
barack obama's endorsement couldn't come at a better time for hillary clinton
local sales rep hanging in there, can't complain
motivational psychology and leadership in higher education
an open letter to the united church of christ
date line
lights go on: part xxxxii -- the power of her name
noaa predicts we'll see more hurricanes this year than in 2015
irs announces refunds will come in form of forever stamps this year
study: 25-foot-tall asian women remain underrepresented in media
this reporter had no idea he interviewed a 'breaking bad' star
one intern way older
jill biden prefers the title 'captain of the vice squad' to second lady
america the vulnerable: the forgotten casualties of the tobacco epidemic
satan depressed all weekend after man opts out of casino trip
whatsapp finally adds fully-encrypted video calling service
donald glover did what any fan would do after being cast in 'solo'
watch: shep smith's chilling description of new isis video
anderson cooper decides to keep recent gay conversion therapy private
everything you need to know to cook like an italian
fellow millennial voters: no one owes us a damn thing
report: christ, someone actually brought their kid to this
29-year-old has blast writing his will
want to become a travel 'hacker'? read this first.
sam nunberg: 'i'm not having a meltdown'
here's another huge reason to eat a plant-based diet
9 addictive ya reads
this mattress with nearly 40,000 reviews is $200 off today only
rural south dakotan walks away from first encounter with jewish man, shaken but unharmed
new 40-gigabite ihop breakfast platter holds up to 10,000 pancakes
pope francis donates clothing to needy refugees
hair dyed back to original color
new stem education initiative inspires girls to earn less than men in scientific career
john kerry costs u.s. defense industry $400 billion
katie couric admits to 'embarrassing' herself over trans issues
shipwreck survivors forced to endure ride home on disney cruise ship
stunning day of the dead portraits capture the holiday's unique beauty
salmonella is on the rise because people won't stop cuddling their chickens
only 12 of trump's 22,450 employees have given a substantial donation to his campaign
scientific journal releases list of year's top 100 compounds
jonathan lipnicki to star as young 'dark helmet' in spaceballs prequel
these were the snowiest ski resorts in america last year
obesity: an individualized approach doubles the success rate of weight loss therapy
buttery goodness now america's top domestic product
shirtless lifeguard investigates paranormal phenomena
why the rule of law is key to china's modernization
man pinned beneath car wondering when adrenaline going to kick in
the stop trump movement got new life in ohio
roomba claims another pet gerbil
las vegas review-journal staff balks at limits on covering new owner
report: suddenly remembering to sit up straight once a month best way to keep back healthy into old age
area woman encouraged by sight of other woman drinking beer alone at airport bar
obama's sxsw appearance coincides with open carry protest
woman doomed to years of hippo-themed gifts
cyber fraudsters reap billions through email wire-transfer scams
charter school advocates play the race card
amy schumer says she 'would have loved to come out of' goldie hawn
forensic evidence shows signs of feeble struggle
even the duchess likes a good deal
latinx artists are using this hashtag to showcase their incredible talent
disney world mascot could use a fucking vacation himself
34-year-old woman anxiously realizes she doesn't have much time left to have career
joe biden: dallas shooting 'touched the soul of the nation'
21st century black giving:  10 high impact principles for a new year
fcc votes to undo key roadblocks to media company consolidation
pennsylvania supreme court chief scolds his own party for trying to impeach justices
man trying to leave hateful message at local synagogue frustrated phone line always tied up with other threats
in malala's hometown, a young activist advocates for girls' education
texas vows to reclaim title of most regressive state from arizona
suspect cleans up real nice
cartoon peppers on menu a foreboding warning to all who would dare order spicy entrees
corrugated-cardboard lobby once again rates all 535 congressmen 'poor' on corrugated-cardboard-related issues
how hbcus respond to a call for inclusion of lgbt students
why the eu plan to stop mediterranean migration is a human rights concern
more berkeley professors shown to have violated sexual misconduct policy
trump vomits immediately after seeing everyday americans up close
friday's morning email: what to look for with four days to go
congress ties controversial cybersecurity bill to key spending package
man figured drug addiction would take up a lot more free time
these gifs of shia labeouf watching his own movies show how each gop candidate did on tuesday
united auto workers lose crucial union battle at mississippi nissan plant
eddie murphy fucks self for $20 million
the 10 carpet design styles you need to know
authorities confirm north korea now has missile capable of hitting sam waterston's house
millennials may have abandoned the church, but god has not abandoned them
with all eyes on trump, texas may soon pass horrific anti-lgbtq laws
trump's comments about assault are a symptom of a much larger issue
pope francis sneaks leftovers to false god moloch at back door of st. peter's basilica
deloitte hires accountant after noticing popular tweets of audit calculations
here's the biggest problem with obama's new trade push
kansas changes spelling of name to 'cannsas'; 'it looks cooler that way,' governor says
john kasich is seemingly baffled by young women who get politics
andrew w.k. adopts staunch party-advocacy position
cincinnati zoo's premature baby hippo takes wobbly first steps
protecting america from its president
chicago's shedd aquarium admits panda exhibit a ghastly mistake
hundreds of cheap, generic doorstops flood market after doorblocker patent runs out
rep. trey gowdy endorses marco rubio for president
huffpost hill - have *you* been injured by a federal appellate court ruling?
the hidden heroes of gaziantep
report: u.s. parents' top concern is child dying from something they could be blamed for
supreme court to hear cases determining whether human beings deserve equal rights
huffpost rise: what you need to know on december 23
supreme court keeps california's 'gay conversion' therapy ban in place
robin hood foundation
twitter rips hillary-bashing susan sarandon for women-unite speech at golden globes
the 30 best workplaces to retire from
qatar gambles that labour reforms will satisfy critics
tennis ball brought on trip
man accused of masturbating in car near girl scouts
new psa reduces accidental staplings by 33 percent
'motorcycle bomb' explodes near police station in istanbul
child disciplined for wasting yarn
viral tweet compares love to the feeling you get when you realize your dress has pockets
missing comet lander 'philae' finally located after long search
7 reasons we love matt bomer
'the simpsons' duff beer will soon be a reality
10 delicious ways to cook with maple syrup
the most exciting way to retire -- and how to afford it
move over 'hamilton,' d.c. just debuted 'trump'
why a local news station's decision to live-stream a potential suicide is dangerous
paroled prisoner excited to hear the '80s are back
dozens of gravestones toppled, broken at philadelphia jewish cemetery
obama: iraq airstrikes not slippery slope to other humanitarian interventions
beauty industry exec keeps photo of crying 15-year-old girl on desk to remind himself why he does this
new airport security rules could mean 'short interviews' with passengers
ford confirms plant fire caused by spooked f-150 knocking over lantern
shadow government attracts shadow protesters
eric cantor tossed by bucking mitch mcconnell during congressional rodeo
bill cosby feeling disoriented after jury slips conviction into his verdict
speaking of 'rigged'
new congressional intern disillusioned with politics and democracy in record 6 minutes, 41 seconds
beautiful boozy cadbury creme egg milkshakes!
sean spicer's voice immediately recognized by everyone else in 'halo 5' multiplayer lobby
office exiles menstruating hr manager
why i decided to attach my business to the happy hippie foundation
how bill kristol briefly blew up the 2016 presidential race with a single tweet
these two little kids are better at soccer than you are at anything
report: chip in mug right where mouth goes
former tennessee judge allegedly voided traffic fines in exchange for sex
john kerry issues dire warning on israeli settlements ahead of pro-settlement donald trump entering office
why i didn't reveal i'm deaf in my online dating profile
the 'love actually' mini-sequel won't include alan rickman or emma thompson
man with eye patch in town for...business
phone call with dad just watered-down version of phone call with mom
sudden death of aunt creates rupture in family gossip pipeline
brad pitt decides to grow out forehead hair
romney still in hot water after reading gop platform verbatim
so, tyler, the creator recorded bill nye's new theme song
british american tobacco offers to buy reynolds american for $47 billion
'ghost plane' wreckage believed to have sunk off jamaica
trump: 'i am a very stupid human being'
9 stereotypes about sex work that have to stop
one little girl beat the deadliest form of tuberculosis. she is very lucky.
area man likes food
tea party congressman listens to constituent who wears thomas jefferson costume everywhere
hollande, valls, macron and article 49-3: france tries harder to reform
nation's economists quietly evacuating their families
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
man cites nature as inspiration for random cruelty
beyonce holds a chanel #surfbort in cr fashion book
pope francis is releasing a pop-rock album in november
americans hopeful this will be last mass shooting before they stop on their own for no reason
study: support for bill of rights highest while attempting to talk way out of drunk driving arrest
detective refuses to pry into circumstances of murder out of respect for deceased
bruce springsteen concert totally changes area man's mind about voting
antonio french: darren wilson seemed 'remorseless' over michael brown killing
joe biden endorses tom perez for dnc chair
mexican immigrant challenges trump's hateful rhetoric with powerful photo series
mark cuban got it right about stereotypes
nhl fines ozzie guillen just to see if he'll pay
5 disturbing statements by the cop who shot philando castile
these christmas-inspired burgers are making the season bright
unclear if shirtless man in black-and-white film once considered attractive
candidate turns to focus group for position on rape
comics and celebs pick their favorite 'snl' sketches
bizarre mars dune pattern looks like a message in morse code
mom not joking when she says she wants picture of grown kids in bath for old time's sake
ted cruz worried all the good countries to wall off taken by other candidates
son thanks mom who cared for his dad for 20 years with 20 adventures
samuel adams apologizes for 'boston sucks' pilsner
defiant sanders camp: it ain't over
steve allen: gone, forgotten
mike bloomberg apologizes for giving his top political journalists a watergate-era nickname
in most states, the middle class is now growing — but slowly.
we're mad as hell, and we're not going to take it anymore
huffpost rise morning newsbrief, october 13
why a democrat is now blocking an obama nominee
waiting for a grown-up in the white house
katie couric winces at word 'vagina'
music playing in bar could stand to be louder, worse
priebus grateful he had so little dignity to begin with
hackers target russian olympic whistleblower, world anti-doping agency says
'the president show' sends 'trump' to boot camp with transgender soldiers
melania idly wonders if she would get heads-up about nuclear missile headed toward new york
cnn investigating reports of wolf blitzer's highly proper sexual conduct
financing the flames -- nif parade fracas pushes outraged jewish groups to define mainstream
visit to doctor splurged on
man with shitty job just doing this until he gets fired
'trump' chant used to intimidate latino high school athletes
this lesbian is considered a father in indiana (and an amazing one at that)
atlanta man indicted for pouring boiling water on gay couple
gerrymandering mishap leaves nation without any borders whatsoever
mysterious light seen near huge black hole
8th grader caked in makeup probably really confident
restaurant patron seeking corroboration that soda is not diet
what's your upside
$14.5 billion pledged to rebuild battleground states
donald trump renews call for courts to reinstate travel ban after london incident
man on gurney has brief word with protagonist before entering ambulance
black twitter is freaking out over harriet tubman on the $20 bill
experimental band theoretically good
report: more children being raised with religion of pushier parent
personal assistant called after scary dream
tampons and death threats: tackling transphobia and the period taboo
chicago city council approves $13 minimum wage
news roundup for september 15, 2017
virgin mary night-light stares accusingly as christian teen masturbates
with mia love's election we're still not post-racial
news roundup for july 10, 2017
this tv meteorologist has absolutely had it with the flat-earth movement
don't sleep on target's chic new modern home collection with dwell magazine
'good old days' traced back to single weekend in 1948
1999 collaboration between carlos santana, rob thomas somehow standing test of time
elderly voter never thought she'd get to see female presidential nominee called heartless ice bitch during her lifetime
obama signs conservation act to preserve nation's last remaining area of common ground
global surveys show strong support for hillary clinton
these peanut butter recipes will make your life infinitely better
i quit spying on my teenager and learned why i didn't need to
mike pence's nfl 'stunt' in indianapolis may have cost taxpayers over $88,000
turkey's state of emergency decrees are horrible for democracy
u.s. diplomats drafted a 'dissent memo' objecting to trump's muslim ban
man realizes he shouldn't have told girl on phone he was taking dump
today we are all journalists
test facebook button
chili dog, cheddar fries caught in area beard
the sometimes-gross, non-sexual intimacy of female friendships
man accused of molesting 5 kids
jobless after 50? here's what to do first.
90% of audience at college graduation involved in heated family argument
in first and only vote on trump's muslim ban, republicans fail the test
gulf of mexico inducted into opec
from selma to ferguson: bridge builders needed!
jamie crying
area man accidentally signs up for aol latino
the smart alice vote
trump: 'america hasn't been stronger or more united since i first opened my eyes and created the universe'
winning lottery numbers so obvious in hindsight
churchill's polar bears are finally back on the ice—and they're sending a christmas message
nra sends complimentary bereavement gun baskets to families of shooting victims
national illusions and global realities
donald trump says his supporters should 'hit back' at protesters more often
seymour hersh uncovers new thing too sad to think about
incredible waterspout spotted over iowa lake
pillow that survived man's tossing and turning stares frozen in horror at fallen comrade lying on ground
report: 1 in 5 air ducts contains person looking, listening in on you
area man's mother sizes up new girlfriend's pelvic span
wedding vows explicitly mention price of ceremony
jcpenney abandons 45-second sale
man who supplied guns to california shooters arrested on terrorism-related charges
tire salesman to hit them with a little razzle-dazzle
fathers, let's talk about love, respect and hiv
boss able to seamlessly blend constructive criticism with personal attacks
rome's gay pride revelers have other aims for their march
the 10 best marketing tweets i've ever seen
patti lupone says madonna 'couldn't act her way out of a paper bag'
people and other animals:  baby hummingbirds in our incubators means that spring has come
facebook recognizes everyone needs paid time off. not just parents.
stormy daniels has an actress doppelgänger
bus passenger believes she lives in world where curried shrimp is odorless
god knocked unconscious by directtv satellite
rudy giuliani says white cops needed to stop black people from shooting each other
megan fox welcomes son journey river with brian austin green
how to eat healthy around the world (bone broth, anyone?)
man concerned he spread himself too thin between eating sandwich, watching television
this is what it was like to go to the airport before 9/11
terrifying musical number imagines a world without internet
look who made an appearance at l.a. pride...
iraqi catholic bishop still has vivid memories of mosul's fall
laid-off hostess employee forced to look for creme-injecting job elsewhere
listen to lana del rey's new single 'honeymoon'
scientists: rich people, poor people may have shared common ancestor
study finds backing down in fight with loved one extremely harmful to relationship
cash-strapped school district furloughs hundreds of nonessential children
raffle ticket stared at with increasing disgust
scientists announce shrimp just as dumb as they thought
guy wearing chewbacca costume torn between seeing 'star wars' and 'the big short'
immigration officials asking about fourth-grader turned away by nyc school
45% of items in woman's apartment have word 'love' written on them
new york film festival 2014 #4: pta's 'inherent vice' stumbles in
will the atlanta falcons rise up or shrink down?
u.s. anachronism at 'all time high,' says truman
girl cries after mlb star traded; he takes her for pizza
when soldier returns home, her toddler son can't contain his excitement
man hammers 38 nails with his skull in pursuit of world record
my battle with depression and anxiety
democratic senator calls for cia director to resign
republicans outraged by inaccuracies in metallica documentary
cat so scared in shelter won't even look at you
chris martin and gwyneth paltrow's kids show off their singing chops at charity event
bush attempts to distance self from yet another failed business
republicans are voting to give a huge tax cut to many members of congress
these photos show the strength of students as they protest gun violence
if you thought 2016 was terrible, you're actually in the minority
an epidemic of gun silence
police officers waving everyone over to take a look at what happened to this guy
the color of money in silicon valley
ketchup not fancy enough for local man
paul ryan reverses course, accepts house chaplain rescinding resignation
martin shkreli wants to be the only one to own kanye's new album
u.s. "vs." china in africa: a message to president obama and premier li keqiang
dating profile flatly states man looking for someone he can control
demoralized jeb bush succumbs to new hampshire heroin epidemic
the global empowerment of the next generation
the weird thing robert downey jr. hides on movie sets
chrissy teigen and baby luna wear the cutest matching overalls
macaulay culkin hoping some 'funny or die' writer comes up with video idea for him
news roundup for april 28, 2017
james corden and the red hot chili peppers strip down for 'carpool karaoke'
condo board member thinks bylaw cover-up might go all the way to deb
malaysia arrests north korean man as row over kim jong nam's death escalates
democrats demand that devos explain how she is going to protect trans students
of course hair stylist remembers gina
the fallacy of state-coerced marriage officiants: a primer from the military chaplaincy
there's a major intensity gap on the gop's new health bill
'alone in the game' shows biggest hurdles for lgbtq athletes exist off the field
coworker hastily leaves break room to avoid 'here comes the boom' spoilers
swiss avalanche kills thousands; world stays neutral
donald trump is 'honoring' the outdoors with policies to ruin it
fast-learning new hire gains quick grasp of how terrible job is
steve bannon mixes discarded climate change report with saliva to build final wall of nest
terrified laptop wakes up inside case
8 reasons to travel this year
how to make norwegian skillingsbolle (cinnamon buns)
nfl referee ed hochuli denies cam newton's ageism allegations
donald trump has a new conspiracy theory. this one involves google.
wound-up tim kaine running around clinton campaign headquarters in pajamas
report: vulgaria may possess flying-car technology
what i learned talking to lgbt people about coming out in ireland
father not letting firstborn repeat mistakes he made as nine-month-old
elmo admits he's uncomfortable working with gay puppeteer
dixie donates $5 million in clean drinking cups to drought-ravaged southern africa
no one at ad agency remembers hiring carrot top for commercial
4 trump accusers call on congress to investigate sexual misconduct claims
princess slays the knight
new study finds humans experience greatest feelings of joy when pushing 'skip ad' button
why 'it's the thought that counts' is an outdated phrase
new york post sportswriter claims he was fired for anti-trump tweet
bartender hurt by unfinished drink
weakened hurricane patricia spares mexican cities, hits remote areas
mother's day card thrown in trash
donald trump is terrible news for our food system
report: ugh, no one would care anyway
clinton takes campaign staff to little hole-in-the-wall financial institution not many people know about
lunatic realizes thing he screamed in middle of street earlier not entirely true
new demography today magazine targets demographer demographic
success academy works for my kid
romney dominated debate, say pundits trying to figure out gop candidate's policies
'game of thrones' star reveals tormund's love for brienne extends off screen
'must-see tv' now enforced by law
rookie cop laying on the jargon a little thick
loyal dog waits 2 full hours before consuming dead owner's face
5 spectacular april getaways
this color-changing cake is like magic you can eat
study finds blame now fastest human reflex
good guy with gun, bad guy with gun both excited to unload firearm in crowd outside arena
donald trump set to issue executive orders targeting trade deficit
the one moment you need to see from last night's 'peter pan live!'
abc announces ellen will come out in every episode
4-year-old singing with her dad is the epitome of cute
woman who had almost formed healthy sense of self rejoins social media
bill maher has superficial debate about 'n***a' after controversy
most americans think it's racist to talk about immigrants from 'shithole countries'
waking, dreaming, being
tuesday's morning email: shutdown fears grow amid daca fight
mexico mayor killed less than a day after taking office
philly cheesesteak either perfect or disgusting
single diner in empty restaurant asked to move to smaller table
bare-handed miracles (pt 1 of 3)
cheney celebrates earth day by breathing oxygen
12 things i've learned living 12 years with cancer
jonathan adler's stunning new hotel project has a powerful mission
the overlooked way that companies can make workers more loyal
south carolina governor signs 20-week abortion ban
bb and me: emotional intelligence
italy's mount etna is erupting, and it's magnificent
critics accuse joe biden of running for president for political reasons
if your doctor won't give you an iud because you haven't had kids, you need a new doctor
legal systems have reinforced discrimination against leprosy
gop congressman who's leading probe of fbi director was raving about him last month
'bubble boy' finally comfortable in his own skin
bernie sanders is 'cautiously optimistic' about pulling off an iowa upset
right guy to fuck with identified
nation's sports fans demand to spend $21.99 on something
what if they held an anti-immigrant party and nobody came?
creator of 'weed shop the musical' talks cannabis, queerness and theater
this union is spending big with hopes of improving the plight of low-wage workers
bob saget says mentor bill cosby has been 'tarnished' by 'despicable' acts
proud species commits suicide rather than be driven to extinction by humans
why being killed by a lightsaber would be so much worse in real life
new united airlines policy scraps last-minute boarding for crew members
taxpayer costs for arias' defense top $2.7 million
anne geddes starting to lose it
local man helped every day by salad shooter
when to get a second opinion
white house lawyer insists trump isn't considering firing mueller
rev. run on being a tv dad: 'it's important to me'
tuesday's morning email: what's next in the bombing investigation
philip morris says it's 'trying to give up cigarettes' in 2018
man who enjoys popular rock songs discovers perfect radio station
coroner excited for first asian
clif bar introduces new savory clif loaf
a year after paris attacks, france still hasn't figured out how to contain terrorism
adjusting several sliders on recording studio's mixing console pays off big time
the one thing that makes steve aoki nervous
burglary suspect falls through restaurant ceiling, ruins dinner
12 habits of genuine people
white house designer michael smith talks obamas and industry secrets
12 juicy berry recipes that taste like summer
chaffetz, cummings seek answers from trump on his business' profits from foreign governments
hillary clinton's pot proposal is popular, but it probably won't help her win
'vogue' assistant photo editor tasked with airbrushing out all of amy adams' swastika tattoos
decaying city just wants to skip to part where it gets revitalized restaurant scene
students stage anti-trump art protest at gop nominee's alma mater
dozens of black-rubber-clad masochists line up outside capitol for paul ryan's job
world-weary sigh emanates from next bathroom stall
nation excited to see whatever bile the internet spews up today
new study finds employee morale drastically improves after watching coworker throw fit
secret agent's back's always been a bit hinky ever since he burst through that skylight and landed in fountain
mom calling to ask if she can throw away 3-ring binder from middle school
the democrats' false choice
world meets premiere
new software yellows neglected digital photos over time
face it: ted cruz won the republican debate
austin bars police department from selling its old guns to the public
aerobics enthusiast believes in crystal light, self
romney's acceptance speech to avoid mentioning personal, professional, religious, political life
60 years of sound bites to remember
heimlich demands maneuver royalties
pregnant florida mom beats son, kills puppy: cops
mark ruffalo in infinitely polar bear
retro-crazed youths re-elect carter
fucker riding man's ass whole way out to cleveland
3 tips for improving the productivity of your sales team
sales disappointing for first-ever hustler swimsuit issue
january is the month for personal renewal
mechanic stole city bus because he was late for work, police say
report: girlfriend probably reading some book called 'the midwife's promise'
housing crisis vindicates guy who still lives with parents
if you can't keep your new year's resolutions, be kind to yourself
for the first time, ferguson has a majority black city council
valentine's day coming a little early in relationship
new evidence suggests humans may have been dipping crunchy things into gooey things earlier than previously thought
mom makes sure everyone has masturbated before long car ride
curt schilling just going to assume he has speaking slot at rnc
are you happy?
woman spends entire date wondering if this the one she'll mace
the gop would probably have a better chance of winning without trump
science-fiction novel posits future where characters are hastily sketched
john travolta is very thankful for 'dick poop'
how the deportation crackdown is hurting immigrant victims of crime
hotcake sales brisk
mindfulness in your 20s: understanding the brain on stress
'you got it' trademarked
don lemon says he would probably be like malcolm x if he wasn't a journalist
study: pretending everything's okay works
jeremy corbyn is following bernie sanders' campaign with 'great interest'
burger king hat put in deep fryer
harvey spawns tornadoes that devastate homes outside houston
10 reasons to visit scotland this year
obama clears 2,000 square miles of u.s. airspace for new free-range drone preserve
nation's women not as crazy about bryan gosling
hypothetical multi-ethnic customer base smiles down from hmo billboard
stouffer's discontinues toaster steaks
there can be dignity in the face of poverty
ryan seacrest will work red carpet at oscars despite sexual misconduct claims
dog lets baby climb all over him, continues being this little man's best friend
billy eichner comedy special heading to netflix
trump told friends 'you all just got a lot richer' from tax bill: report
alex morgan talks world cup, wedding planning, and yoga on the road
iowa board of tourism launches 'des moines is des perate' campaign
60 years after brown: segregated schools still a fact, but don't have to be bad schools
panicked studio delays 'man of steel' to get more shots of people looking up in awe
13 babies pose underwater for magical photo series
former conservative recalls belittling tirade from college student that brought him over to left
chris hemsworth makes light of reports he and his wife are splitting with cheeky instagram
nina dobrev writes heart-wrenching goodbye from 'vampire diaries' set
dye pack foils art thief
hillary clinton relaxing before debate with few hours of debate practice
proactive man removes own teeth in attempt to curb nail-biting habit
saddam hussein presents suicide bomber's family with oversized check
newt gingrich thinks nepotism laws shouldn't apply to trump administration
unregistered sex offender notifies neighbors in his own way
shark attack claims life of some guy on tv
donald trump suggests colin kaepernick 'find a new country' after national anthem protest
gun lobbyist warns gun owners could resort to 'bullet box' if they don't like election results
mcdonald's fights world hunger with new triple-decker burger
santorum nostalgic for time when beliefs were outlandish enough to make headlines
area man thinks it's nice they didn't put the prettiest girl scouts on the cookie box
help from pinterest for my daughter's party? not this time
reese witherspoon voices disappointment at oscars' astonishing lack of diversity
man just walked into best buy for no reason whatsoever
onlookers gape as daredevil crosses street without basic health insurance
ferguson shop owner 'overwhelmed' by community support after looting
stunned family watches as grandmother wolfs down sandwich in 33 minutes
inconsiderate woman on bus eating live tuna
help us decide if the build-a-bear ewok is adorable or terrifying
new study finds only 88% of guitar center customers become famous musicians
being transgender in north carolina: reaction to hb2
tpp is not the answer
beyond the bounds of conservation
cast of 60 minutes suffers collective stroke
trump administration axes funding for nasa system that monitors greenhouse gases
no one admits to fart joke
first poll since james comey announcement shows no effect on hillary clinton -- yet
facebook takes a step toward virtual reality with new 360-degree videos
white house staff reminded to place lids firmly on trash cans after steve bannon gets into garbage again
fox news ceo demands donald trump apologize for new megyn kelly attacks
man thinks people care enough about him to be let down by his failures
eighth-grader drinks at twelfth-grade level
what's next for the obamas? michelle promises they're 'not gone'
aides rush on stage to rotate scott walker back to direction of audience
earth day: a two-step strategy makes a sustainable difference
donald trump and paul ryan meet in hopes of mending divided party
whitney houston lifetime movie casts its lead
cat likes it doggy style
ewww! was that a bugnado on texas weather radar?
the westernization of emoji
area man's got a ton of shit on his mind right now, okay?
why were so many beloved christmas songs written by jewish musicians?
3 ways you can be a more positive leader
area man still searching for hookup subculture on linkedin
the journalist and the fixer
stephen colbert: it's time for john kelly to spank the president
climate change is ruining farmers' lives, but only a few will admit it
this will make all of your troubling thoughts drift away
exasperated shark can't believe it traveled 3 miles for single drop of blood
south african court more than doubles oscar pistorius sentence
an education revolution in one word
risk champ flunks geography test
'i'd like the crispy chicken sandwich' first truthful thing man has said in weeks
to breast or bottle feed, a woman's choice: let's please stop judging!
new film takes an honest look at life with a transgender parent
area organization pro-white, ain't anti-nobody
young and entrepreneurial: serial developer and scholly cto nick pirollo
man claims ex cares more about 'nonexistent' singing career than their daughter
feds give $43 million to fast track development of ebola vaccines
donald trump helped spread birtherism. now he can't stop it.
cancer lobbies for decreased cancer funding
the 5 nba rookies you need to watch this season
hillary clinton resumes attacking obama
donald trump keeps saying things that would destroy any other presidential candidate
congress repairs to parlor to hear rep. carolyn maloney play the recorder
pope francis crushes small demon crawling across papal apartment floor
confounded pollsters admit there no way of predicting mercurial behaviors of beguiling female vote
maine leading the way on government of, for and by the people
alien still hasn't gotten around to listening to whole voyager golden record
sick of light pollution? head to a national park, study says.
mourners organize prayers and vigils for chapel hill shooting victims
new distressed jeans feature broken-in cameltoe
9/11 and the (un)making of the 21st century
rare pokemon sparks massive stampede in taiwan
what's damaging about fat-shaming: the last acceptable form of bias
the scientific, data-driven guide to online dating
as trump and north korea hurl threats, hawaii prepares for a nuclear attack
senate votes near unanimously for russia, iran sanctions
trump administration refusing to disclose names of white house diamond elite members
jeff bezos named amazon employee of the month
denny's market researcher emerges from focus group shaken after finding out what americans really want for breakfast
the 'psychics to the stars' sound off on queer astrology
manly man wastes entire year's worth of feelings on single movie viewing
billcosby.com now somehow most eerie site on entire internet
melo's hat game > knicks' triangle offense
crisis and context for virgin galactic
u.s. women's ice hockey team crushes finland, heads to olympic finals
revised patriot act will make it illegal to read patriot act
a good night's sleep could protect you from the common cold
fda: lucky charms no longer part of complete breakfast
the geography of food stamps: cuts could hurt rural areas harder
these 14 mannequin challenges will get you through election day anxiety
relapse greatest week of man's life
ewan mcgregor shuts down homophobic 'beauty and the beast' haters
coach filmed before live studio audience
want to sleep in 'the world's largest grave'? airbnb to the rescue
new law requires welfare recipients to submit sweat to prove how hard they're looking for job
how to move past grief after the death of a loved one
police say conditions too nippy to rescue missing hiker
on this week's cheap celeb finds, kylie jenner wears a $40 bikini top
happy new year, president trump: the hunt for silver linings
horrifying doll sitting on neighbor's porch whether it's halloween or not
peanut boss sentenced to 28 years for deadly salmonella outbreak
stephen curry knew exactly what to say to craig sager last night
justice roberts stops in middle of oath of office to remind audience this just his job
palestinian president calls on un to replace u.s. as mediator in peace process
fetid, shit-covered elon musk announces plan to revolutionize nation's sewage system
donald trump's supreme court would overturn roe v. wade
how we do it: success in the classroom
tanned, exquisitely coiffed bernie sanders tells supporters corporations actually have a lot to offer
the fastest-shrinking cities in america
report: election day most americans' only time in 2016 being in same room with person supporting other candidate
sudden cardiac arrest more likely in african-americans, new study says
researchers announce they don't have heart to reveal what will happen to 1 in 5 women
the shocking transformations of your favorite country stars
new robert altman film released straight to special-edition director's-cut dvd
bratz movie accidentally released
'black panther' reminds us why pan-african unity is still important
the equifax breach is bad, but there are steps that can help
roommates assured girlfriend only staying over for entire duration of relationship
streets of portland flooded with counterfeit toothbrushes
michigan residents are pretty unhappy with rick snyder
occidental college mostly cleared in federal sexual assault investigation
call the undertaker, i'm dying here
elections in ukraine
light from a black hole seen with a telescope for the first time
stanford sexual assault: students plan graduation protest as anger grows
'isis truther' donald trump is like a lawyer's dumbest client ever, trevor noah says
considering self-employment? 7 questions to ask yourself
norman reedus teases a big 'walking dead' easter egg in season 6
poll: 96% of bands looking for slightly better drummer
teacher sees potential in student with glasses
botanist holding up entire salad bar
sad men nap sadly in this hilarious instagram account
cosmopolitan offers 15 tips for fattening up for winter
study: 90% of bike accidents preventable by buying car like a normal person
achieving presentation zen
automated teller has more personality than human teller
great lakes, amazing connections: the power of cooperation in policymaking
chris christie's political confidant and new jersey pension overseer resigns
breaking: now it's a party!
the public service loan forgiveness program is what's best about america
expert on international jewish conspiracy has never been more than 40 miles outside council bluffs, iowa
transitional: #1 summer design style
chris christie sticks taxpayers with huge bill for official portrait
'art imitates life imitates art,' remarks man trapped in art museum
mankind tired of having to remind itself of good in world
mitch mcconnell marvels at the judicial crisis he created
mesquite bbq visine selling poorly outside texas
it's 2018, so of course merriam-webster added 'dumpster fire' to its dictionary
20 years after big tobacco, is it time for 'big pain'?
jellyfish falls short of dream to kill diana nyad
cat prepares for anal display in owner's face
hillary clinton hits trump administration for approach to lgbtq issues
antonin scalia's death just cost this company $835 million
trump supporters organize their own rallies across the country
twitter goes down and everyone freaks out on facebook and instagram
bird arthritis epidemic largely ignored
foreign guy probably dressed very fashionably for wherever he's from
dear white people: we don't need your saving
china's potemkin villages
the truth about water as hangover prevention
rural working-class archbishops come out in droves to welcome trump to vatican
dole makes pretend white house out of card table, sheet
trevor noah: michael flynn too 'stupid' to be national security adviser
georgia school board bans 'theory of math'
captain asks stranger to keep eye on destroyer while he runs to bathroom
'wet hot american summer... the play?', garage theatre, long beach, ca
dad ready to forgive dixie chicks
amos lee reveals the story behind 'arms of a woman'
why antidepressants won't solve the depression epidemic
golden years spent in brass urn
mark zuckerberg's senate testimony predictably led to memes galore
the case for the school bus as the final tech-free frontier
4 people facing 100 lashes for alleged gay sex in indonesia
psychic helps sniff out missing pet skunk
man not sure why girlfriend having him hang cluster of empty picture frames but willing to go with it
college costs are america's cruel graduation gift
nba stars send thoughts and prayers to lamar odom
big-hair lady loves jesus
you thought flint was bad? see the lead levels in california children
north korea fires short-range missile along its coast
grandmother talking big game about being alive next year
death toll from powerful mexico earthquake rises to 91
young voters in donald trump's counties are especially positive about america's direction
almost no one noticing officials doing corrupt thing
new cheney memoir reveals he's going to live full, satisfied life without ever feeling remorse and there's nothing we can do about it
teen boulder can't wait for landslide to roll it into ravine where they get it
wrong font chosen for gravestone
martha raddatz was the mvp of that horrifying debate
officials: afghan taliban ready for open peace talks
do college students care more about mental health than administrators?
on labor day: the tale of generational struggle for middle class wages
'please, i'll tell you everything,' whimpers rick gates after mueller threatens to send him back to white house
fbi has 'grave concerns' on republican-authored fisa memo trump wants released
new robot capable of unhealthily repressing emotion
creature that craps in box too fancy for dry food
nation's math teachers introduce 27 new trig functions
not beaten, bound or broken
captor, captive have different senses of humor
mute teen fulfills his dream of becoming a rapper despite not having a jaw
thousands march in washington, d.c. heat to demand trump act on climate change
lifelong dream no match for first brush with adversity
clinton ominously tells iowan supporters to mark front doors with campaign logo before sundown
man passes away surrounded by knife-wielding loved ones
it's mildly infectious and treatable—yet patients still face discrimination
area man could use the overtime anyway
high school bully worried victims will realize he actually retarded faggot himself
new 'star wars: battlefront' trailer lands -- and it's slicker than a greased-up 3po
peripheral acquaintance casually mentions she was molested
'it's a privilege to have worked with such talented people,' says coworker getting the fuck out of there
love is humble
restoring a sense of decency to our destructive politics
dubai completes construction on world's first full-scale replica of dubai
israeli ambassador ron dermer pokes fun at critics with super bowl prediction
leaving sandra bland alone in a cell violated clear jail protocols
unclear whether grandpa having good time
aly raisman is not ok with banning gymnastics leotards to prevent abuse
4 super easy ways to keep cyber criminals out of your life
biggest mistake of life dressed up as pumpkin
trump tells guam governor nuclear tensions will mean more tourism
cretinous reprobate home for the holidays
singapore airlines flight catches fire, no casualties
you're forgetting about the one backyard feature that can extend your summer
uninsured man hopes his symptoms diagnosed this week on house
the reclusive billionaire bankrolling ted cruz
let this cute cat in funny wigs remind you the world isn't all bad
that 'historic' middle-class tax cut trump promised? still just a promise.
fake-a-wish foundation introduces dying child to brett favre lookalike
everything you need to know about filipino breakfasts
how to make a living as a drag queen
santa obliges dad of sleeping boy by snoozing on camera
john oliver: nratv is like a 'deranged letter from a serial killer'
pope criticizes conservatives at key church gathering
heat wave doesn't bother local contrarian
5 summer recipes you can bring anywhere
in case you didn't know, green and black tea come from the same plant
republicans introduce economic equality bill for fun of shooting it down
report: someone probably masturbating to this stock photo right now
nobody keeps baby from the corner
at the women's convention, a clear message: follow black women in 2018
brooklyn's black santa explains why christmas joy has no color
fan doubtful 'solo: a star wars story' can live up to denny's blaster fire burger
10 crazy/beautiful things happening in the art world this weekend
martin o'malley explains how he'd expand social security as progressives wait on hillary clinton
quincy suspects murder
oscar pistorius treated in hospital for wrist injuries: reports
where in the world is the best place to be in may?
area family has no idea where dad gets shirts
hacker just going to fix a few annoying typos on company's website before stealing customer data
new sat section tests ability to pay tuition
kids' behavior linked to moms' acetaminophen use during pregnancy
party not big enough to move out of kitchen yet
a 'sweet valley high' reboot is not totally out of the question
we might be all wrong about robots taking our jobs
queen elizabeth to think mainly about her approaching death throughout olympics ceremony
mike pence says disney made 'mulan' to promote women in combat
stack of unread new yorkers celebrates one-year anniversary
new gop governor's inauguration raises questions of corporate influence
kirsten dunst opens up about the life of a child star
paul ryan wondering if he should have told romney about this guy he's dating
area man relieved friend's short story sucks
shackled kerry looks on as chechen terror leader removes mask to reveal scarred face of former mentor
6 ways to fight the flu you probably overlooked
the trap of islam's eternal conflict
the two opposing world views in the white house
britain to send 125 military advisers to iraq, says david cameron
my picks for gospel winners at the grammys
americans respond to trump's plans for country with #nobannowall
detroit unveils new half-ton, 400 horsepower motown singer
test-driven teacher evaluations strike out
seth meyers' spoof ad shows how teenagers are actually saving the country
media reminds public not to overemphasize super tuesday results or draw any sort of wide-reaching conclusions
milosevic dreams he's slaughtering ethnic albanians in his underwear
meet the gop congressman who wants to overturn citizens united
man unable to explain contempt he feels for group of people enjoying one another's company
man excited to look like different type of idiot in front of coworkers at bar
aaron hernandez, ex-patriots star, convicted of murder
podiatrist a jerk
kentucky clerk: it's 'impossible' for me to marry gay couples
huffpollster: voters remain very negative about donald trump and hillary clinton
'you did great!' terrified personal assistant tells clint eastwood
husband apologizing in sleep
rookie usda agent vomits after seeing first rotten orange
gop convention to feature strong lineup of conservative women listeners
10 stress-free suppers for the entire family
dnc aiming to reconnect with working-class americans with new 'hamilton'-inspired lena dunham web series
white house celebrates fifth straight year without oral sex
naderite loyalists nuke dam
casual drink with acquaintance actually first move in elaborate chess game to get hired at united.com
the prophet of "jordan's mists"
aisle of hispanic food items all man needs to know about fate of country
grandma looking like absolute shit lately
5 important questions to ask about your audience before your next presentation
senator: russian trolls stoked nfl debate
secret service not sure if that suit of armor was in oval office yesterday
veterans mentor chicago's at-risk youth, help them cope with trauma
wreckage of cargo ship lost during hurricane joaquin believed to be found
how to be influenced by real love
taylor swift enters alternate universe to date body-building george harrison
praise 'the jesus': a 'big lebowski' spinoff is reportedly in the works
6 texas books that aren't about cowboys
pop stars to consolidate
everything a joke to local teen
jon stewart: comedy 'shouldn't be an act of courage'
meeting jon snow irl is apparently like seeing the 'mona lisa' for the first time
baha'i prayer and quotes about america
report: it unclear whether opposition from every sector of american society will have any effect on healthcare bill passing
nation waiting for protesters to clearly articulate demands before ignoring them
fox news host: donald trump could get corporate sponsors for his wall
the most powerful word in the english language: hope
brotherly advice
watch this angry cat knock the stuffing out of a toy tiger
toilet-paper edge given classy appearance with triangular fold
trump calms nerves before inaugural address by reminding himself he's the only person who actually exists
google combats holocaust-denying search results with algorithm update
what msnbc gave up when it gave in to a right-wing smear campaign
'ren & stimpy' creator accused of sexually abusing teen girls
aliens mourn as final cheers episode reaches alpha centauri
more than 1,300 law professors oppose jeff sessions for ag
pekingese really letting self go since winning westminster
lessons for mom from the tee-ball dugout
nevada must not allow a death row inmate to 'volunteer' for execution by fentanyl and other drugs
did melania trump really 'like' my tweet about her marriage?
teen on brink of experiencing incredible journey of motherhood instead asks boyfriend to use condom
poland passes law that eu says threatens country's democracy
hypochondriac convinced patient has cancer
name on valentine misspelled
first he made movies about 'strong, feisty women.' now alexander payne tackles the 'white male schnook.'
biker injuries and deaths soar after michigan repeals helmet law
concert crowd worried singer who stepped away from mic won't make it back in time for chorus
how to survive your child's college tours
this is the world in your voice.
carrie fisher can't stop swearing during 'star wars: the force awakens' live telecast
self-conscious panda swears it overheard zookeeper refer to it as 'giant'
how is legoland becoming florida's new must-see attraction? one brick at a time
queer aussie men strip down for intimate indie magazine pictorial
a medical student's perspective on medicaid
paralympian made tv host who wears prosthetic leg 'proud to be disabled'
paul ryan's remarkable, personal demand for becoming speaker
study: beginning email with short, disingenuous inquiry into personal life best way to network
15 darling circle bags to complete your spring wardrobe
aliens in avocado super bowl ad think we're a bunch of dips
man spends whole day dreading fun activity he signed up for
report: tiger that mauled roy horn still struggling to find work
patty jenkins is already thinking about a 'wonder woman' sequel
breaking up with god
fbi releases list of criminals it in no particular rush to track down
report: video games will never be art
undocumented student who posted viral tax form selfie asks trump for his receipts
moments leading up to romney's concession most likely hilarious
as ed gillespie's campaign goes, so goes the memory of the civil war
ritalin gummis unveiled
blind dog who was kept in a pantry now lives like a king
mitt romney soars in polls after leaving country
honoring those who make a difference for animals
minnesota mom accused of beating, enslaving chinese woman as her nanny
olivia delivers a classic shondaland elevator moment in exclusive 'scandal' clip
this 'homoji'  keyboard brings queer shorthand to your text messages
women in business q&a: tooba marwat, owner, signarama
3 cups of coffee confident they can take man's anxiety from here
monday's morning email: the aftermath of the baton rouge shooting that left three officers dead
velociraptor from 'jurassic park' dies
emma stone ruled the red carpet in a jumpsuit
house republicans drop efforts to gut ethics watchdog after onslaught of criticism
slaughtering wolves in canada: a new essay shows just how unscientific, unethical, and inhumane these studies are
st. vincent will direct film adaptation of 'dorian gray' with female lead
egypt plunges into state of middle east
if you know someone with cancer you should know about this
the starks just had a very important reunion on 'game of thrones'
fcc to fine americans who don't keep up with tv shows
woman alleges donald trump groped her at 1998 tennis tournament
why you should say yes to that birthday invitation
what people are buying on amazon this week, besides baby banana toothbrushes
poll: 99% of human beings would prefer big, slobbery hound dog pope
was ryan gosling first choice for people's sexiest man alive?!
50 cent faked wealth with borrowed jewelry and cars
company lacks manpower to complete newest round of layoffs
sanders says clinton's platform could determine how much he would campaign for her
woman who teaches special-needs children killing it at dinner party
if only all tampon ads were this honest
paul ryan smiles, thumbs up way through question about specificity of tax plan
seaworld responds to california drought by draining animal tanks halfway
this rare gene mutation makes some people crave fatty foods
paranoid syrian man thinks government out to get him
public higher education in america is facing an existential emergency
why is egypt prosecuting human rights defenders?
boxing coach wishes just once he could mentor someone who has already fully worked through childhood trauma
huffpost rise: what you need to know on june 9
guy washing hands for full 5 seconds like he's going into surgery
ancient melanesian masks thundered past to get to star wars exhibit
no thank you, trump america
trump vows to kill 50 years of federal health and safety protections
to stop police shootings, we need to move beyond 'bad cops'
confusing roadside memorial features bicycle, rotary telephone, jug of some kind
how 2 california parents could 'home-school' their shackled and abused children
report: good thing world has unlimited quantity of oil
jailed for being too poor
new parenting trend involves just handing children bulleted list of things to accomplish by 30
report: puerto rico situation remains dire despite months of no help whatsoever
a year removed from trump's election, his rise and shortcomings hearken back to the 1960s
bears run free after 20 years in tiny cages
stop hating trump voters
nascar bed bursts into flames
invasive restaurant franchise spreads to third state
proof that human alex jones is most certainly not part reptile
will the real jesus please stand up?
stormy daniels '60 minutes' interview leads to spike in pornhub searches for anderson cooper
supreme court justices to snowstorm jonas: it's just ice
airlines to congress: stop norwegian air!
pornhub expands parental controls for user accounts
the most haunted town in america
why my kids won't wish you a merry christmas
this first time area man hearing about daughter dating george zimmerman
fruit of islam cause man to soil fruit of looms
cbs: l.a. doctors not some kind of joke
she just wants a job
obama requests $3.7 billion to deal with border crisis
sherwin-williams triumphantly reports nearly half the planet covered in paint
paul ryan: 'anti-semitic images' have no place in presidential campaigns
why we should remember to treat every day like a special occasion
wayne coyne wants more futuristic 'drugs that we can have fun on'
frustrated russian officials struggling to get any policies through dysfunctional trump administration
how princess diana was honored at the royal wedding
seating chart revised to put problem senators up front
lifeguard hoping to make up for last summer
exclusive: former congressman harold ford jr. fired for misconduct by morgan stanley
newspaper front pages usher in uncertainty of new trump era
doctors in puerto rico face mounting medical crisis in maria's wake
on the road to the emmys with my entourage aka my kids
huffpollster: even christmas isn't safe from partisanship
homeless girl scouts aim to sell 6,000 boxes of cookies in nyc
trump's opioid commission fails to meet deadline, again
few years in military would have really straightened out troubled teen killed on first tour of afghanistan
it may be speaker john boehner and the gop that do not love america
real-life grinch celebrates 'hanukkah'
'p is for p*ssy' is the alphabet book of your wet dreams
'diary of anne frank' found in attic
entire community stops to watch man struggling to work window blinds
nra's ominous but misleading appeal
latinos sound off on the worst of the second presidential debate
100 ways to connect intimately with your partner
adam sandler fans disappointed by intelligent, nuanced performance
teachers union president: betsy devos 'has tried to take the public out of public education'
5 ways to create the perfect outdoor room
cheetah print-wearing ali wong mini-me throws down on the dance floor
the primal passions of white supremacy, roy moore and the battle to define america
asparagus recipes that taste like spring
democrats weigh how to nudge sanders out
watching thousands march in his honor unlocks deeper, darker corner of trump's psyche
new history textbook makes hatred of history come alive for students
panasonic introduces portable 500-disc changer to compete against ipod
j.k. rowling's new show is nothing like 'harry potter'
helpful man saves woman effort of telling idea to boss herself
surprise bidder for weinstein company wants embattled studio to be led by women
sarah hyland on her fame: 'it didn't come easily or fast or free'
a lot of americans are thumbs down on roger goodell and tom brady
the global search for education: latin america is online
some states throw untested rape kits in the trash. these survivors want to change that.
this poor kitty puts our seasonal allergies to shame
report: crane operator last remaining fulfilling occupation in u.s.
baseball hall of fame elected to hall of fame hall of fame
sens. mccain, graham: trump's order could become 'self-inflicted wound' in terror fight
police found golden state killer by tracing owner of 'iamthegoldenstatekiller.com' website
'it takes us' photo project shows survivors of gun violence
trump says gulf states will pay for syrian safe zones. that's not the issue.
boehner does damage control: benghazi probe was 'never' about clinton
frocked podium boys shine in pre-state-of-the-union rituals
georgia executes gregory lawler for killing police officer, despite autism defense
florida gets four more years of rick scott
the kurds under erdogan's tyrannical governance
family has strict no smartphone rule while eating dinner in front of tv
after 10 months of bitter struggle, downstairs neighbor masters 'jumpin' jack flash'
up to 60 robbers storm bart train in flash mob hold-up
19 unusual baby names that celebrities love
'98 camaros test higher than owners
u.s.–cuba relations end after obama hit by foul ball at exhibition baseball game
magic-markered initials fail to deter breakroom rice-cake thief
'run! run and never look back!' whispers heidi cruz while hugging carly fiorina on rally stage
dear conservatives, let's not ruin 2015 like we ruined 2014
53-inch child thrown from roller coaster regrets nothing
new evidence reveals ancient greeks immediately regretted inventing theater
same-sex couples at center of supreme court case get ready for big day
school psychologist crushing it in wake of fatal sports injury
trump's 7 techniques to control the media
these gay dads prove you're never too old to start your own beautiful family
pallbearers carry leslie nielsen's coffin without incident
new one-a-month vitamin presents choking hazard
5 netflix things to watch if you can't wait for the royal wedding
from the front line against hiv: time to end the federal syringe ban
hillary clinton calls for michigan gov. rick snyder to resign or be recalled
lady antebellum's charles kelley talks about being a new dad
nelly reiterates sex-liking stance
pope francis spends weekend installing stained glass storm windows in st. peter's basilica
the meldonium ban is more about russia's reputation for doping than performance
obama administration warns schools to allow transgender access to bathrooms
microsft bids $2.1 billion for milton berle joke file
she dreamed of africa -- and then she was sent there
everything you need to know about the bad democratic turnout numbers
study: you have hpv
gap unveils lightweight linen gift card for summer
biden kicked out of laundromat after shag rug floods washing machine
atlanta-area church to burn ceremonially throughout olympics
mad lit professor puts finishing touches on bloomsday device
hostage with family really lording it over everyone else
apple submits brief opposing u.s. government's 'unprecedented' iphone request
lucid dreaming: new horizons for research
ferguson police officer shot
skeletons and ancient gold coins found during pompeii excavation
trump says roy moore should concede senate race to doug jones
george zimmerman's attorney opens second day of trial with trayvon martin impression
this interfaith couple refuses to let their parents keep them apart
can machines really learn?
american express to offer 5 months of paternity and maternity leave
incredible new year's celebrations around the world
indian casino uses every part of the dollar
cruz hits back at 'cronyist, washington cartel' iowa governor
tokyo adds 100-story toadstool to skyline
how to make your blow-out last even longer
touring company of cats prepares for yet another day in the goddamn catsuits
russell westbrook with the classic off-the-back-of-the-defender buzzer-beater
this season, the nfl got political. roger goodell is still trying to pretend it's not.
trump rebuffs his opioid task force, declines to declare state of emergency
uneasy détente forms between man sitting on patio, bee
man with nice eyes blown
executive reschedules wife's birthday for october
eminem goes after donald trump on new big sean track
pizza hut's new pizza lover's pizza topped with smaller pizzas
pulitzer prize winning play, and a winning director, too
incredible 'business-man' has salary of 10 regular men
why we sabotage our relationships
the unquenchable and endless thirst for war --  thomas paine warns the neocons are coming... again!
study finds 80 percent of facial hair being silently judged at any one time
conspiracy theorist starting to think racism may be institutionalized in america
wanda hallburton's gps guide for positive self-talk
usa today editorial board calls trump unfit to clean obama's toilets in scathing editorial
malawi girls take self defense classes to combat widespread sexual violence
explained: why the rnc briefly tweeted about its new 'willie horton-style' ad
behind every easter is a crucifixion
john mccain rips donald trump for pardoning joe arpaio
elmore leonard, modern prose master, noted for his terse prose style and for writing about things perfectly and succinctly with a remarkable economy of words, unfortunately and sadly expired this gloomy tuesday at the age of 87 years old
why human rights matter: u.s. should promote, not impose, liberty
6 content marketing strategies you probably aren't trying yet
moderator reminds vice presidential debate audience to remain silent when exiting early
edtech investment is at record levels -- where is all the money going?
embarrassed library of congress can't believe some of the albums it used to be into
let's demand equal rights for father's day
martin luther king jr. day celebrates 30th anniversary
time's up, men: more than 300 women file for house races
apple co-founder steve wozniak ditches facebook after data scandal
here's what gop voters thought about the second debate
republicans and democrats have very different ideas about what saved a congressional ethics watchdog
lawyers identify dozens more bill cosby victims while interviewing potential jurors
tv viewer relates to totally unbelievable character that could never exist in reality
monday's morning email: the next recession will be brutal. here's why.
'what was he wearing?' why the media needs to ask the right questions about rape and violence
republicans near deal on tax cut bill
5 surprising factors that make up your personality
kim davis's anti-gay views are going to cost her state big time
2014: year in review for the white house initiative on asian americans and pacific islanders
chinese takeout restaurant thought it had seen man at his worst
completely unknown employee begins sending email updates to office
doug jones thanks child bride during victory speech
cry of more, more, more heard in midnight hour
female former franken staffers say he was a 'champion for women'
here are the best kimye wedding instagrams
god starting to worry heaven may be haunted
this guy's rendition of adele's 'hello' is why the internet was created
local authorities more than happy to let fbi take over
concerts held to wish world's poor good luck
dakota johnson awkwardly accepts sex toys from ellen degeneres
study: retired dads busier than ever
crowd cheers as 93-year-old fuckup finally graduates from college
two queens on what it's like to live and breathe drag in wisconsin and new york
george takei apologizes for calling clarence thomas a 'clown in blackface'
theory of intelligent school-board design disproven
franz ferdinand frontman shot by gavrilo princip bassist
gop congressman resigns from house freedom caucus, upset with government shutdown push
ganging up against gender violence!
gardner loves conservative radio shows but not town halls
sellout crowd greets sellout band
the importance of celebrating the little wins
brian williams cancels planned 'letterman' appearance
one hint about how to form a new habit (don't overthink it)
magnetic migration
$50 million worth of diamonds stolen in average day in brussels
cable news sure could talk to more muslims about the muslim ban
iphone gadget turns any surface into a musical instrument
photos show fire and smoke engulfing ankara district after deadly car bomb
sleazy health insurance covers any doctor's visit they can watch
alan rickman ends pizza delivery order with ominous 'so be it'
space, race and the space race
coworker retreats to remote corner of office to complete disgusting food order
chrissy teigen poses poolside with a plate of chicken on her thigh
new lawn-care product makes neighbor's lawn less green
area lady's gentleman caller under employ of jiffy lube
managing the restless millennial employee
americans overwhelmingly say it's ok to criticize the president
19 times shorter was way better
jimmy carter to discuss cancer diagnosis on thursday
million robot march attended by exactly 1,000,000 robots
new gop tax plan requires welfare recipients to apply for each individual piece of food
the 7 stages of potty training
jonathan kozol's death at an early age is still a must-read
obama to create 17 new jobs by resigning and finally opening that restaurant
a letter to heather heyer's mother
clinton calls for big bucks, no whammys
8 tips for dealing with the loss of a loved one
stephen colbert nails the nra's complete hypocrisy in a single sentence
cheney urged not to work blue during convention
area man now checks inside boat in driveway every morning
nra visits colorado police evidence room to check up on rifle used in planned parenthood shooting
to the princeton privileged kid
shamed and abandoned: the fate of syria's former female inmates
clarissa from 'clarissa explains it all' is all grown up in new book
congress concerned about weirdo senator's increasingly violent legislation
promotional jacket worn everywhere
russian roulette: taxpayers could be on the hook for trillions in oil derivatives
heartless monster walks out of local small business without buying anything
here's what it would look like if kids planned the family vacations
new study finds you'd love being rich asshole
8 crazy things that happen to your body when you have tons of sex
sprite introduces cola-flavored sprite
fear not, 'game of thones' fans: the brexit won't affect the show
with greetings from trump, pence says u.s. committed to europe
a 'game of thrones' prequel could actually happen
journalist walks off tv show when it won't address real cause of orlando shooting
how clinton donor got on sensitive intelligence board
woman shot by former boyfriend at chicago nordstrom store dies
senator baucus shows rest of congress where he found the dead body
gore releases three more hostages
samantha bee makes it crystal clear what she thinks of ivanka trump's new book
tom hardy goes from real-life hero to movie supervillain
loophole in curse lets archaeologist off the hook
kfc urged to stop routine use of antibiotics on poultry
boss wants friendly, relaxed company culture in place by friday
navy admiral thinks he's 'mr. important'
secretarian violence claims lives of three receptionists
7+ reasons why bisexual, pansexual, fluid, and queer people need to sign up for health insurance this month
mississippi brings down yet another national average
report: friend doing sober january must have really fucked shit up over holidays
6 intimate details you can tell just by looking at someone
connect four-playing sis pretty sneaky
why a woman refuses to leave her husband who threatened to kill her
report: mom and dad's house starting to smell like grandma and grandpa's house
after ireland, the pressure is on italy to legalize same-sex unions
cancer researchers develop highly promising new pink consumer item
two dead in 'kind of brutal' slaying
want to live to 102? here's how.
dad tests limits of cheesecake factory vibrating pager
pope wins host-eating contest
study: american intestinal bacteria most obese in world
inside amazon: wrestling big ideas in a bruising workplace
12 hilarious truths of raising kids
it's time to rethink what we consider an oscar performance
why some vaccines require more than one dose
van jones: tough-guy 'trumpzilla' has become 'president snowflake'
new 'dumb and dumber to' clip shows a very special celeb cameo
offbeat congressman having trouble finding committee to fit into
why i've forgiven my father
u.s. forces enter syrian town, then withdraw, rebel and monitor groups say
jared and ivanka holding each other at gunpoint in kitchen after simultaneously revealing undercover identities
report: mom's work friend has no one
conan o'brien just had to advertise during james comey's hearing
welterweight boxer dies after sustaining serious injuries in bout
red chair wedding: 'the voice' bloodbath semifinals results
look: 'thor's helmet' glows in brilliant neon hues
yellowstone places old faithful on 6-month loan to acadia national park
crowd shocked after unhinged trump dangles baby from truman balcony
bank of america introduces new existential rewards credit card program
china refuses overseas treatment for critically ill nobel peace prize winner
sarah palin defends curt schilling: 'espn continues to screw up'
transmuting the curse of suicide into a blessing: my speech at usc/verdugo hills hospital
buddhist monks buy lobsters destined for the dinner table and set them free
nation's dads announce plans to trade in the dodge for something with a little more zip
dementia patient's family keeps ripping her away from idyllic world of 1950s
fugoo speaker review
7 mistakes leaders make that make everyone miserable
father doesn't understand teenage son's obsession with classic rock
sarah michelle gellar thinks it's time to stop asking for a 'buffy' reboot
christina aguilera deeply offended by plate of iceberg lettuce
obama spends wednesday doing some urgings, some callings on
in louisiana, a plan to relocate the country's first 'climate refugees' hits a roadblock
milo ventimiglia strips down to raise awareness for breast cancer on 'ellen'
a gop congressman wouldn't meet with constituents, so a democrat came instead
check it out: giant pumpkin outweighs smart car
in many states, a long-awaited raise for low-paid workers
setting up the jokes for maximum effect
betsy devos argues issue of guns in schools should be fully left up to individual shooters
should grandparents worry about their credit?
8-year-old can already tell image of dad puking stuck in memory forever
entire house implicated by phish poster
these folks had a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad time tapping this keg
is it time to level the playing field for college athletes?
how to be free in faith instead of a slave to religion-made certainty
trump's lawyers start to couch statements on russia investigation
dad holds best buy salesman's feet to fire with question about hdtv compatibility
area mother enters 16th year of post-partum depression
cruz control: an elitist at liberty university
man just wants to come home, hear lindsay lohan made fun of, get some sleep
thai dish apparently costs 3 peppers
dept. of transportation discontinues 'bridge out 8 feet ahead' sign
this one simple thing makes for a long-lasting marriage
seed of world war iii planted in beijing middle-school gym class
biden gets grow light delivered to white house under fake name
former trump aide sam nunberg says mueller probe 'not a witch hunt'
chicago public schools celebrate fifth straight day without any student violence
leaping kangaroo smashes into unsuspecting cyclist in australia
chris christie neglects new jersey woes while hinting at 2016 presidential run
ariana grande singlehandedly saves tidal with musical impressions on 'snl'
obama calls for turret-mounted video cameras on all police tanks
dad actually yelled at that guy
omg did time put devil horns on hillary clinton?!
on the menu: 7 questions with chef luigi fineo
unemployed single mother in rubio speech told candidate about her problems in confidence
desperate snl releases 'best of melanie hutsell' dvd
valerie harper: lung cancer deadlier than breast
online recap of tv show attracts 25,000 readers who have given up on life
gunman in federal building shooting got 'raw deal': congressman
oh no, mr. bill!
dad defends son's cruella halloween costume from 'small-minded' bigots
kendrick lamar wins pulitzer prize in music for 'damn'
hollywood screenwriter says depiction of gay men in films is 'horrible'
the roots to premiere 2 children's series on amazon
area maggot has urgent news about reincarnation
tai chi practitioner really slowly dislocates knee
u.s. ambassador to un travels to ebola-stricken west africa
icymi: your brain on sleep and why people buy milk during blizzards
friends trying on each other's glasses revel in glorious mayhem of having slightly different prescriptions
the catalan independence movement just scored a huge victory
mom loved 'fruitvale station'
why i voted for roy moore, twice
americans more polarized than at any time in last two decades, poll shows
new 'wacky wipers' make driving in the rain fun
how the obama administration is making it harder to shed student debt
mom keeping tabs on coyote situation
new cereal for poor stays crunchy in water
trump says he thought being president would be easier than his old life
jill soloway has a simple fix for ending hollywood sexism
translator asks bannon to repeat that last spectral scream during congressional testimony
zoning committee meets, zones a bunch of shit
how nice of dr. luke to now let kesha perform at the billboard music awards
vin diesel reveals groot will dance again in 'guardians of the galaxy' sequel
bill maher says fox news is reason america is so polarized
mom really gunning to befriend babysitter during weekly 3-minute interactions
conservative media finally starting to realize that racism is a problem
roommate dancing while he thinks no one's watching is amazing
senator chuck grassley hurting gop's chances with women at bars
mccain's energy plan emphasizes elbow grease, sleeve-rolling-up
j balvin, nicky jam say they changed the notion that reggaetón is misogynist
canvas shopping bag celebrates third year on doorknob
escape from falluja
suspected smugglers appear in court after refugee truck tragedy
new subway promotion to honor subtember 11
lives of mitch mcconnell, john boehner, eric cantor retain meaning
madonna's anti-trump cover of britney spears' 'toxic' is the antidote we need to 2016
wiz khalifa, fetty wap and omi had the internet's most-streamed songs of the summer
mark hamill rips his role in 'last jedi': 'he's not my luke skywalker'
father only expresses love through concern for proper tire inflation
'perfect' birthday card discovered in local mall
cover author working on word-for-word remake of 'moby-dick'
trump is so toxic that even members of his own party would rather vote hillary
extra strip of wrapping paper taped over present's weird edge
'body-slam' candidate greg gianforte gets slammed himself in scorching new memes
i am tired of the hypocrisy
desperate ohio now exploring homeopathic execution methods
a bittersweet goodbye to pregnancy
americans rate jews highest, muslims lowest on 'feeling thermometer'
laptop really getting off from having both usb ports stuffed
12 illustrations that pay tribute to the late, great carrie fisher
electoral college does what it was either designed to do or explicitly designed to prevent
irvin d. yalom: a conversation
jury finds defendant pretty
deray mckesson breaks down the real meaning of the 'ferguson effect'
cooking class instructor can already tell which couples signed up based on marriage counselor's recommendation
when the core is shaky
report: make it stop
'night of a thousand judys' is a pride month event you shouldn't miss
breaking: daniel throwing his life away, you should call him, he dropped out of wharton—wharton, for god's sake
jeff flake knocks republicans for not standing up to birthers
street performer dreams of performing on streets of paris
crucial steps to healthy hospital stays
area twitter user guesses he could muster up 140 more characters about the master race
welcome to herointown, new jersey's 4th-largest city
greyhound launches new in-bus magazine
report: imagine how good it would feel to just crawl back into bed right now
the case for taking a gap year
50 photos from 2017 that show the power of women's rage
father of parkland victim creates powerful mural honoring son and 16 others killed
pepperidge factory farm under fire for inhumane treatment of milanos
this may explain why you can't stop hitting the snooze
dick vitale undergoes annual bracketological examination
anteater to lay off the fire ants for awhile
jamie dimon cites relentless desire to watch a person die up close as inspiration for starting healthcare company
tylenol releases new black bile gel caps for people with unbalanced humors
wondrous world of fishes last checked out 4/17/67
11 john oliver quotes that make the truth easier to swallow
what's driving the recent carnage in kabul
mar-a-lago caddy injures shoulder carrying heavy set of classified national security briefings around golf course
belgrade's 4th non-violent pride: pics show a bubble of freedom for lgbtq people in serbia
'the late show' confirms there's an anti-trump protest for everyone
doctors repeatedly overprescribe antibiotics and narcotics
kuwait may owe as much as $60,000 for trump hotel event in d.c.
the funniest tweets from parents this week
melissa mathison, oscar-nominated 'e.t.' screenwriter, dead at 65
report: more recent college graduates making extra money by tutoring high school teachers
a new shade of green collaborations taking shape in boulder
miranda lambert just got 'engaged' to the most adorable little fan
radio dj invites whole town to some bullshit
sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name
change in bus seats taken personally
furious dianne feinstein demands nsa figure out exactly who didn't endorse her
great barrier reef offers scuba divers chance to see beautiful diversity of ocean death
iran nuclear deal pits u.s. congress versus u.s. allies?
diary lied to
alton sterling protesters remind you what america keeps forgetting
woman comforting friend just going to throw compliments against wall and see what sticks
piers morgan bragged about how manly he is. it didn't go well.
squirrel who lost paws in trap gets prosthetic wheels
obama administration releases nation's phone records to public
i've learned how to piss people off — and you should, too
kittens recovering after photographer rescued them from brush fire
japan puts military on alert for possible north korea missile launch
coworker who just threw fit and stormed out of room looked like total badass
burmese python just as freaked out that it's swallowing entire toddler
parkland survivors call out media for ignoring gun violence in black communities
suppression of the transgender vote
does policing summons warrants really prevent serious crime?
so that's what all those codes on your baggage tag mean
new study finds 'the onion' has never been more popular, more beloved, or more respected
the powerful new play breaking the silence about sexual violence
watch live: musicians carlos santana, gregg rolie & neal schon on their new album
custodian taken into custody
martin o'malley backs $15 national minimum wage
angela merkel vows g20 won't bow to trump on climate change
facebook, google and whatsapp plan to increase encryption of user data
friday's morning email: here's how trump is undermining obamacare
brazil's congress set to vote on president rouseff's impeachment
arianna huffington has webcam implanted in forehead
isla fisher thanks donald trump for showing that 'unqualified orange people can win things'
'snl' spoofs oscars, flames hollywood sex harassment with 'grabbies' awards
study: 89% of husbands planning to surprise wife on valentine's day by dressing as naked, chubby cherub
suburban teen has near-def experience
bernie sanders' jumpshot is more impressive than his primary win
mental illness and identity: would i shed my bipolar disorder skin?
allstate charged with operating protection racket
national zoo announces giant pandas to divorce
chris tucker to focus attention on smaller, more personal rush hour projects
fearful americans stockpiling facts before federal government comes to take them away
rubio slams private fundraiser secrecy: 'it's a public event'
a queer woman embarks on unusual quest for acceptance in new film
trump's budget nominee still thinks social security is a ponzi scheme
houston residents begin surveying damage of 200 years of unchecked worldwide industrialization
how to spot your future ex-husband on the very first date
cheetos social media team arguing over whether tweet in chester cheetah's voice
barb from 'stranger things' is pissed she was left in the upside down
claims about andreas lubitz's mental health further stigmatize mental illnesses
yemen: security forces kill senior al qaeda leader
report: you to learn names of 3 reprehensible public officials this week
despite accusations of fraud and deception, will globe university be expanding to your state?
drug-related killings surge in the philippines after duterte's election
confused audience member at town hall debate asking about city's new stoplights
senate democrats already willing to work with trump administration
meg white drum solo maintains steady beat for 23 minutes
elon musk embarrassed after realizing he proposing idea for thing that already exists
palestinian journalist killed in israel-gaza protests
gumption rewarded with even more work
mass graves: are they really more cost-effective?
4 mindset shifts you can make so you never have to diet again
the next water crisis is looming — how can tech help?
disney's new 'frozen' plane makes it harder than ever to 'let it go'
sarah palin calls obama 'lazy' over approach to va scandal
going out to dinner with food-loving friend a huge ordeal
amazon 1-click bankrupts area parkinson's sufferer
mcdonald's introduces mccrazy burger
god admits he never created gerbils
dental hygienist angered by lack of flossing
man brings human skull to florida grocery store: police
trump reaffirms his intention to order war crimes, then backs down [update]
this is how your grocery store is tricking you into spending more money
company encourages women who have been sexually harassed to come forward with resignation letter
'the war on christmas' -- a film by ken burns
federal judge orders return of iranian national deported under trump's ban
the apple watch: changing the face of time
why i took my baby to #millionsmarchsf
how a supreme court ruling on abortion could wreak havoc in the states
everyone giving up on john after latest movie recommendation
'true blood' characters openly talking about how they can't wait for episode to end
stock-photo model scout sees something special in man in business suit crossing arms
report: most small businesses fail in first 6 hours of being on fire
the pakistani friends and the foes of the new york times
daily meditation: finding the sacred
snack that resided in empty vending machine slot must have been delicious
liberal arts graduate realizes he's already forgotten 90% of human condition
military service members prefer 2 presidential candidates who question war
nina solomon's love book
it's been a really great year for poop bags
trump again downplays steve bannon's white house role
pete buttigieg is the future of the democratic party. but what kind of future?
tenants feel guilty asking elderly maintenance man to fix anything
are introverts or extroverts happier?
health scare prompts man to start overeating healthier
latest fbi news doesn't stop republicans from attacking clinton on emails
spouse criticism may worsen chronic low back pain
montana gop candidate owns stake in company accused of paying off isis
stoner-turned-doctor sees dark side of pot
dick cheney would torture again
hannity claims relationship with cohen never went past payment for legal advice, defense strategy in criminal cases
my truth about being a black man and a black cop
international criminal court announces new '3 strikes' genocide policy
paramount pictures proudly shelves latest film
argentina president's bizarre werewolf mishap
orrin hatch mistakenly left dangling in bondage-fetish dungeon
overcrowded gop field forces iowa to construct massive town hall stadium
nasa issues formal apology for 1969 genocide of moon natives
mike pence training for vice presidential debate by hitting punching bag with climate change study taped on front
sole remaining lung filled with rich, satisfying flavor
man pretty sure he slept
slowly rotating pie a metaphor for trucker's failing marriage
rare rossini and hot jazz at caramoor
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
civilian casualty flattered to have been mistaken for hamas leader
issa rae starts scholarship fund for alton sterling's children
what's better, fresh or frozen turkey?
comedians highlight the crazy things women go through to get an abortion
scientists politely remind world that clean energy technology ready to go whenever
report: 40 percent of american high-school students mind-reading at sixth-grade level
4 dead, 12 critically injured in seattle bus crash
both israel and hamas have a responsibility to protect civilians
spy drone struggling to assimilate back into civilian life
jogger thinks he looks great
iran releases 4 american prisoners after months of top-secret negotiations
attention carnivores: meat 'sushi' wrapped in bacon can be yours
report: 96% of nation's smut consumed by filthiest 1%
beauty legend bobbi brown on why you should probably throw away your sunblock and skip the botox
new leather-bound notebook to really unleash area woman's creativity
this syrian family saved their critically ill son, but now they're trapped with the same illness
some people are pissed off about the casting of a black hermione granger
kristen wiig crashes bill hader's 'snl' monologue
bartender accused of plotting to poison john boehner
you can tell area bank used to be a pizza hut
turkey's president calls hitler's germany example of effective government
francis ford coppola admits wedding scene in 'the godfather' needed more lasagna
stop fighting for overhead bin space already
these 10 meals reveal one thing fast food restaurants still get wrong
watch kevin hart drop the mic on james corden
woman's primal instincts activate to protect nearly finished glass of wine from approaching server
study: human hearing most acute when listening to arguing parents from top of stairs
google unveils new larry page–driven car
royal baby already making new friends
childhood brain injury tied to adult anxiety, depression
donald trump voted least desirable neighbor of the year
nasa announces plans to place giant pair of shades on sun
beyoncé met the final five and all of our dreams came true
bathroom too disgusting to shit in
offended customer's huffy walkout goes unnoticed
staffers frantically trying to restore chaos to white house before trump returns from asia trip
how to have an eco-friendly christmas
pope admits he made 'serious errors' in handling chile sex abuse allegations
new carpet cleaner safe for pets that were meant to go on living
oklahoma leaders claim teachers' strike betrays values of nation's 1914 founding by abraham lincoln and orville redenbacher
favorite stick brought inside
meet the girl reshaping little league, one 70 mph fastball at a time
if these guys don't convince you judge garland is 'superbly qualified,' no one will
backing devos repeal of obama rules, for-profit colleges vilify students
search for 'kick-ass shelves' continues
new texas legislation would require whiskey bottles to be shot out of air immediately after being emptied
weird man begins every morning by dousing his naked body in water
surge soda again sells out on amazon
daniel tosh chuckles through own violent rape
well, neighbors just got a pit bull
4 salads that will make you crave kale
the one company elon musk wants to keep independent
the epidemic of gay loneliness
report: majority of americans know which youtube clip they'll post following dustin hoffman's death
training tomorrow's leaders in higher education
trump's jerusalem embassy ceremony was one big dog whistle
ukraine says missile tests will avoid crimea, mollifying russia
republican party, average working joe bid one another adieu until 2012
when adults choose not to vaccinate against measles, babies pay the price
jennifer aniston and justin theroux spend valentine's day in paris
i fell in love carrying another man's child
report: kanye west, bill gates, tom hanks all currently reading, enjoying this article
obama speaks out for lgbt rights in kenya
jay z hopes kalief browder's story will 'save a lot of lives'
the death of email
north dakota drinks itself to sleep again
podcast: students say 'we don't want to become robots'
bassist has little riff ready to go in case frontman goes around introducing everyone
reese witherspoon's star-studded birthday bash is giving us major fomo
gore begins training for 2004 election in remote mountain cabin
'hatchet man' suspect could have ties to murder of teen hikers, police say
jeff sessions spits in face of fbi interrogator trying to get him to turn on trump
experts say breakfast now sixth most important meal of the day
hillary clinton steals the show with pitch-perfect cameo in 'song for women 2017'
nation's bicyclists remove helmets for head injury month
95 killed in rush for free flames in nigerian tanker fire
netflix cancels 'jimmy carter's world of peanuts'
amy schumer denies she has a 'blind spot' about race
why drunk in love only works for beyonce and how it may be getting you in trouble
person standing far away from burial must have deep, dark secret about deceased
unemployed man who had to move back in with his parents still for obama
see 2 billion 'star wars' deaths in three minutes
flock of suicidal geese drinking up the courage to down jetliner
weary haitians shrug as ragnarök begins outside port-au-prince
tae kwon do instructor gets little thrill out of pairing off completely mismatched 8-year-olds
'the wiz live!' brings the best of black excellence to tv
lynda heffernan's gps guide for self-compassion
white house now just holding continuous going-away party for departing staffers
beyoncé channeled 5 of lil' kim's iconic outfits and lil' kim couldn't cope
car parked with windshield wipers halfway up offers glimpse of world suspended in time
guy in rome does as the tourists do
as the u.s. stops funding reproductive health services, china should step in
here's why we need to stop criticizing lebron james
republican women: a reminder that your party is not for you
when politicians think the microphone is off, they start getting real
area man a little too old to have obama fever
jonah lehrer working on book about neuroscience behind why we falsify quotes
christmas eve shooting kills 1 at louisiana mall
hair weave shaved off
japanese family puts aging robot in retirement home
man looks on helplessly as friend tells him story he's already heard
dinner party conducting full-scale investigation to determine if tip was included
why i'm buying a house without a family to put in it
sources: hackers vandalized drudge report for last 15 years
emma thompson thinks there are many more harvey weinsteins in hollywood
jeeves asked about genital warts
nation gathers around area man trying to parallel park
gym places flowers, white spin bike in spot where soul cyclist killed
giving presence this holiday season
best visual effects oscar introduced by highly acclaimed lens flare
showerin' real good continues to top bridal style trends of 2017
this usain bolt fan totally wins the cheering olympics
amazon's new streaming service is cheaper than standard netflix
buzzfeed editors unsure how to spin petraeus story into reason the '90s were great
paul ryan renews call to suspend hillary clinton's classified briefings
kasich hastily paints name on side of skyscraper in attempt to woo new york voters
paul mccartney admits the beatles felt 'threatened' by yoko ono
puerto rico is a man-made disaster
area dad botches 'princess bride' quote
world's richest lose $194 billion in first trading week of 2016
late-working ceo calls out for coffee in vain
blinds and bells: haegue yang's retrospective at the leeum in seoul
feeding people, and democracy, to death
see the most intense 'secret in their eyes' trailer yet
5 reasons to love the new york city marathon
controversial puppy bowl star shits during national anthem
rolling stone reporter recalls the moment her uva rape story unraveled
rnc: 'we warned you gay marriage would be a slippery slope toward accepting pedophilia'
g.o.p.'s israel support deepens as political contributions shift
mexico city stages james bond-inspired day of the dead parade
shrimp boat captain worn out from long day of putting human face on crisis
man who stopped dieting already seeing results
jared kushner received his security clearance: reports
atheists demand apology over public university's email about religion
man reluctantly deletes video of friend trying to vault mailbox to clear data space for child's birth
unemployed man photoshops self into former company's staff photo
these dogs think they're way sneakier than they actually are
wamu files for chaplev
the best low-calorie mixers to use now
giddy tim kaine presses face against campaign bus window as horse trailer drives by
how we became the heaviest drinkers in a century
5 ways to make your words more powerful
rotting smell in congress traced to decaying senator who died inside wall
doctor asks new mother if she'd like to keep newborn's exoskeleton
report: 750,000 americans die each year during first attempt to get back in shape
obama begins state of the union by asking congress to imagine newt gingrich standing before them
republican supporter of kim davis contradicts his own stance
man takes a dump in bucket on bus, doesn't give a squat (nsfw)
bangladesh factory owners vow to change nothing so that this happens again
the onion is getting into the movie business
report: there only 17 total square miles on earth where gays not discriminated against
person of interest gets away from george zimmerman
trump blasts critics who judge neo-nazi groups by most extreme members
deadlocked supreme court: 'someone's voting twice'
holy knockoff, batman! man busted for throwing 'batarang' at cops
strength to power
kerry washington compares fashion to fine art in marie claire
ryan reynolds reveals blake lively's perfect response to his birthday tweet
teenage katrina survivor wins yet another essay contest
pope francis' silent response to the filipino girl: what he might have been thinking
fbi can't bring themselves to bust guy torrenting every season of 'picket fences'
new ferguson judge is finally doing something about abusive court
republicans poised to retain control of senate
4 things you need to know about the latest jobs report
former counterterrorism official slams 'coward' trump over comey firing
black athletes don't work on a plantation
rupaul on trump: 'pardon me madame, but the emperor has no clothes!'
toddler makes convincing case for being afraid of horse
sweating, trembling mom still coming down from high of having kids under one roof
after dark: meet leo gugu, stylist and nightlife personality
huffpost rise: what you need to know on february 22
man at adjacent urinal pretends to look straight ahead
study reveals lobsters feel pain and get off on it like the kinky little perverts they are
meet the woman who flew us to pluto
new hampshire looking increasingly out of reach for donald trump
learning from failure
'the last jedi' footage reveals chewbacca balding since 'the force awakens'
a post-election prescription: environmentalism without borders
most americans (incorrectly) believe crime is up. that's great news for donald trump.
letter from employer thankfully omits balls-copying incident
hayley kiyoko is the unapologetically queer pop star we've been waiting for
it's not you, it's me: are your behaviors holding you back?
ray lamontagne wants you to listen to his new album on vinyl
video breaks down how 'whiteness' as a construct shaped the election
islamophobe disappointed manhunt over before he even had chance to indiscriminately vilify all muslims
verizon introduces new charge-you-at-whim plan
self-helped woman won't stop at just self
long wait for big toenail to fall off nearly over
never to be forgotten - a year on from chibok
bernie sanders just tweeted the most evergreen response to cbo score
this organization is helping women of color thrive in the communications field
defiant mitch mcconnell holds merrick garland's severed head aloft in front of capitol building
leadership: 'strong and wrong' over 'weak and right?'
hungover guillermo del toro panics after realizing he promised to write new movie for everyone at oscars after-party
trapped in a cycle of harassment as a chronically ill person
celebration and destruction
seaworld employees place orcas in plastic bags of water while cleaning tanks
report: only 2% of internet worth sitting through 15-second ad
redwood tree completes 300-year plan to lean slightly to left
'ncis' to cease print edition
trump dismisses accusers as women
the christian sideshow in acts of terror
get clarity on what the future holds so you can go back to worrying about costume ideas.
trump says terror attack will 'probably help' marine le pen in french elections
just a heads up, your eyelashes are probably crawling with mites
from student to teacher: the rise of singapore education
abdul malik abdul kareem guilty of conspiring to support isis in texas attack
the invisible generation
trump claims credit for shock dem win in pennsylvania
girlfriend acting all clingy after getting pregnant
report: dad wants to show you where fuse box is
man checks to make sure no one home before recording song into laptop
how a high-fat diet may be screwing with your brain
will smith says trump may force him to run for president
jim morrison foundation awards $50,000 grant to little shit who thinks he's a poet
for freelancers, growing opportunity and risk
exercise may be the key to battling alzheimer's, studies find
israel: palestinians given ample time to evacuate to nearby bombing sites
watch a self-described 'despicable' pet-care company owner kick dog in elevator
fbi warns of 'american dream' scam
cia director quietly buys nuclear-attack insurance
college unveils new media center every month
democratic lawmaker gives scott pruitt brutal reality check during senate hearing
rep. john lewis: trump is not a 'legitimate president'
trump now claims 'illegal immigrants' are behind voter fraud
doctor just uses same ultrasound picture for every baby
new weather channel sitcom about three guys, three girls, one storm system
watch tom hardy sing (yes, sing) about a serial killer in this 'london road' scene
obama administration hits goal of welcoming 10,000 syrian refugees
what's leaving netflix in may 2016?
rouhani and reformers wins big in first iran's post-nuclear deal election
hundreds of people who will die before christmas really excited for holiday season
fbi: 'you know you're desperate when you're asking the american people for help'
what's in a name?
the writers workbench: solar chargers
entire republican national convention stunned as ann romney asks for divorce
man pulling on loose hangnail slowly unravels skin from entire body
kids getting a little old to still believe in innate charitable goodness of humans
fiona apple song reminds girl to be depressed
clinton: 'fuck this president shit'
labor day 2015: stand together and fight back
jeb bush slams lobbyists despite his close relationship with them
'what happened' and moving on from the 2016 election
pregnant women asked to leave convention hall during ted cruz speech for safety of developing fetuses
teen does more pullups in a day than you'll do in a lifetime
end of last meals for death row inmates could decimate texas restaurant industry
dateline nbc report inspired by actual events
obama's new cuba policy corrects a five-decade failure
mom hasn't ordered favorite pizza topping in over a decade
donald trump makes dubious claim about inauguration singer jackie evancho
gay pride: are black gay men proud?
gay man unaware he focus of thousands of prayers
hampton inn concierge has long working relationship with chili's hostess
5 books to get you out of your literary comfort zone
consumer reports rates self 'excellent'
earth day: eating bean burgers beats measuring cheeseburgers
hackers could tap into 'smart' baby monitors with ease: researchers
listerine introduces new mouth styling gel
elderly rite aid patron stretching out conversation about toothpaste to prolong human contact
get from spain to portugal in less than a minute
report: u.s. must reduce dependence on foreign turmoil
supreme court votes 7-2 to legalize all worldly vices
these new emojis will make you see food differently
7 ways to cook up chemistry through conversation
serial killer makes impassioned case for protecting local marsh
monster truck escapes
report: it too soon to glance back at attractive person
the 21 stupidest things ever said by powerful people
friends of band regret going to show
moviegoer manages to sneak candy past teenage usher earning $7 an hour
huffpost hill - trump heads to louisiana, will distribute the classiest, absolute best mres
for-profit company threatened to jail people for not paying traffic fines, lawsuit says
watch: 'party monster' michael alig give his first video interview since his release from prison
tiny, risky, unlabeled and you're eating it
the daily fantasy sports protests in nyc looked hilarious
japan's economy emerges from recession, growth weaker than forecast
world cup stadium's walls reinforced with 10,000 homeless brazilians
5 awesome festivals in india you shouldn't miss
pharmaceutical industry profiting from a solution to a problem they helped create
contrarian amazon user completely upends critical consensus on microfiber towels
oscars audience shrugging uproariously during jimmy kimmel's opening monologue
nevada downpour caused over $1 million in damage
alton sterling's funeral evokes powerful calls for police reform
how the data world missed the boat on trump
hurricane concerned it caught something in panama city, florida
now you can reserve a table at taco bell's test kitchen
nepotism passed off as synergy
why more older folks are turning to pot to fix what ails them
lights go on part xx: grateful
even regular exercise isn't enough to cancel out too much sitting
chelsea handler features brutal impression of sarah huckabee sanders on her show
inspire the world
six inspiring architectural projects that have revitalized muslim communities
samsung just unveiled its thinnest phone ever
ambassador holding phrasebook 'pretty sure' she just strengthened ties with pakistan
eddie bauer announces new line of brown clothes
lee majors: does he still exist?
dustin diamond arrested for 'reckless' behavior
bayer offers to buy monsanto for $62 billion
trump supporter who made nazi salute speaks out
classically trained actor can talk on cue
the biggest celebrity fails of 2015
man sort of curious what his last straw is going to be
buddy system responsible for additional death
illinois neglects child care payments for needy families
knobby-faced beast may be earliest known to stand tall on all fours
justice sotomayor: stop bending the constitution to favor cops
wkzn-tv concludes broadcast day
mike huckabee's benghazi tattoo joke goes hilariously wrong
twitter users roast fbi over its ms paint-style holiday tweet
we're getting closer to leaving home without phones, and this thing is the key
oregon may just be the most stunning state in america. here's proof.
tony randall secedes from union; declares himself independent nation of randalia
john boehner to paul ryan: 'i was once young and beautiful too'
goodyear unveils new, circular tires
no, you don't need to be trying for a 'super orgasm'
with big names like the cure and grimes shining at bestival toronto, it was the details and even a michigan-born techno artist that made it a wonderland
nascar logo slowly creeping across u.s.
'aweism' could be the soulful humanist's answer to religious transcendence
a conversation on death and dying with my 5-year-old daughter
details of dream house getting much less specific with each new place found in price range
u.s. navy creates cool new 'ping' sound
mother only wants one bite
this is the advice colin powell gave hillary clinton on using private email
an nfl assistant coach's first question for a prospect: are you gay?
tomb of lost egyptian queen discovered
texas lieutenant governor introduces anti-lgbtq bathroom bill
what the ebola virus and sen. barbara boxer can teach us about health care systems
bush to nominate next person who walks through door
are there 22 patriotic house republicans?
mom much more insistent about getting grandkids from one child than other
miss north dakota cara mund is crowned state's first-ever miss america
bride has to admit it'd be pretty exciting if someone objected at wedding
four ways to save big on fourth of july travel
the mashed potato recipes you want and need
the empty calories of fossil fuels
the latest law second-guessing a woman's right to control her own body
man has mixed feelings about $39 flight
this dog is dreaming about something seriously tasty
passersby can't help but stare at woman's huge kids
sponsor drops broncos' brandon marshall after national anthem protest
it's not eisenhower or reagan's republican party anymore
inverted bob added to supercuts arctic vault where hairstyles preserved for future generations
why the bachelor is scarily similar to the hunger games
emotional intelligence needs a moral rudder
nation confused after james comey dedicates entire memoir to in-depth retelling of martha stewart insider trading controversy
sunday meal prep: the healthy recipes that'll make this week easier
espn reporter michael eaves chokes on a bug, but the show goes on
is your job search too old-fashioned?
kendrick lamar and sza sued for allegedly ripping off artist in 'all the stars' video
tampa sports teams donate money to help move confederate monument
how to meditate: guided practice for stress relief
5 workaholic rules for staying out of the emergency room
moving trailer for mr. rogers documentary highlights the power of kindness
sign of the times: local governments cross the line with signage restrictions
yes, baby boomers, 2016 did have 7 bright spots
nation's teen drug problem ended by rapping cartoon spokesbeast
who's law is it anyways?
someone spotted a new pixar easter egg from 'the good dinosaur'
el chapo pleads not guilty to drug charges
congolese civil war buff fights in civil war
the olympic hangover is real
michelle wolf speaks out on white house correspondents' dinner controversy
canada's inuit fight to save their endangered languages
updating the party: cuba's new (and not so new) leaders
here's why the fda says you shouldn't use 'produce wash'
bush tearfully addresses nation after watching field of dreams
trump responds to supreme court abortion ruling
7 things americans can learn from life in spain
marvel shares first look at netflix's 'daredevil'
santa fe resident pretty kokopellied out
kerry takes frustration out on lobster
boy scouts unveils historic name change as girls join youth programs
ice cream truck driver going to let these kids sweat a little bit before stopping
area man's bathroom a monument to ongoing war against his own disgusting body
thursday's morning email: australia celebrates as parliament approves same-sex marriage
area man determined to get money's worth from pay toilet
porn-store change machine gummed up again
13 ghastly money mistakes that could come back to haunt you
true north at southwest airlines
track winnings reinvested in blackjack futures
new wheelchair has that 'new wheelchair' smell
'i'm afraid you won't be coming to our new headquarters,' declares alexa as amazon execs find themselves locked in seattle office
you are who your pet thinks you are
lazy event planner throws 'bags of ice'–themed party
cult leader pretty cool, actually
stormy daniels smirks when asked if she had affair with donald trump
a way to win: election talk with celinda lake
six-year-old announces plans to become ballerina gymnast veterinarian horseback-riding princess
ted cruz-john kasich pact gets off to a bad start
having awkward conversation with coworkers in alternate venue referred to as 'going out to lunch'
14 toronto film festival movies worth your attention
trump sick and tired of mainstream media always trying to put his words into some sort of context
bill cosby defamation suit adds four more women
i'm a therapist, and sometimes i get deeply lonely – here's how i deal
here's how people are commemorating veterans day
the internet is having a field day comparing justin bieber and orlando bloom's nude pics
family finds frozen kitten and nurses him back to life
three questions about the aereo supreme court case that desperately need answers
experts warn climate change will increase incidences of stepping into puddle and getting whole goddamn foot soaking wet
'could've been me,' grumbles merrick garland watching gorsuch hearings at bar with fellow highway maintenance workers
kanye wishes the kardashians' reality show was shot like kubrick
guy eating pistachios and watching 'sniper' doesn't seem to be part of haunted house
trump boys chasing wounded boar around white house
best career advice: find a need and fill it
unhrc decay needs urgent treatment
love wins in singer dyllan murray's heartfelt new music video
legal protections for nursing moms are on the chopping block
hospital paperwork reduces man's reading comprehension to first-grade level
justin bieber recovering in intensive care unit after being badly booed
obama blasts afghans for expelling reporter -- so why the continued pursuit of 'nyt' reporter james risen?
cowpoke lassoes calf while perched on moving cop car
audiobook narrator really going for broke with cajun accent
rookie trucker always on cb to mother
walking away from the game: a higher calling or just over it?
12-year-old who got her hair curled for spring dance the very image of old hollywood glamour
house vote maintains military ability to jail people without trial
adele's new album might see the light of day this year
charmin introduces new disposable toilet paper
that cheesecake sitting on the table: what if it accidentally fell into your mouth?
therapist beginning to show cracks in caring façade
burger king looks open
my worst career move
report: nearby conversation definitely just got quiet to prevent you from hearing it
lights go on, part xxxx -- learning
pool cues go unused in disappointing bar fight
court just found black victim of white supremacist assault not guilty of... assault
report: 5th floor a bunch of pompous dicks
negative review of 'a wrinkle in time' peppered with critic assuring readers he still totally supports diversity
should you be debt-free before you retire?
open-minded music lover likes all kinds of metal
area man just ruined it for everyone
lynn whitfield: we must realize that we are dependent on each other
report: jessica milly has put out
word origin comics: the abc's of education
anti-abortion activists sing a dangerous song
trump vows to leave a better afghanistan for nation's grandchildren to fight in
to curb rising costs, experts call for ban on prescription drug ads
richard engel tears into obama's state of the union address
study finds you irrelevant to success or failure of bollywood film 'zanjeer'
visiting parents do their best to praise son's new apartment
why smartphone use helps develop 21st century skills in higher education
advisors hopeful jeb bush finally has momentum to end campaign
7 things powerful people don't do
americans gave record $373.25 billion to charity last year
nation flattered brand would go to the trouble of selling them a hand-crafted product
boardwalk con men hit hard by sharp decrease in chumps
bone broth: more important than a passing trend
5 ways nail salon workers are winning: victory in new york state legislature
romney campaign reboots for 72nd consecutive week
institutionalized rape culture in youth sports: 3 valuable lessons
state bird reconsidered after latest wren attack
reddi wip canister used as directed
the gop theme o' the week
no one in group admits girls' night out a colossal failure
donald trump rift not what paul ryan needed in middle of 14-day cleanse
watch the conventions
the 5 top u.s. national parks, in photos
florida man head-butts a bus, knocks himself out
thieves make off with museum's most valuable docents
epa rolls back emissions standards to increase consumer choice over type of apocalyptic hellscape earth will become
is this the boat of the future?
kid putting pencils between knuckles about to fuck someone up
pokemon go leads players into intimacy boutique
unclear if fountain is the type you're allowed to run around in
education reform and evidence
poll: 89% of debate viewers tuning in solely to see whether roof collapses
10 (more) gorgeous colorized photos that put history in a new light
tormund and the hound singing could melt the night king's icy heart
t.g.i. friday's unveils new jeff daniels barbecue sauce
report: ocean levels could rise foot or more if lots of people go swimming
is democracy sick?
8 herbs and spices that fight off disease
10 things no one told me before my c-section
congress can't remember last time it got together and legislated like this
the rich will hashtag even more pricey scarves, if trump gets his way
trump ally sues qatar for hacking his email
we need to talk about adoptee suicide
biden chokes up while describing hardworking americans who can only afford shitty ditch weed
poll: 85% of americans would like to see candidates compete in funny obstacle course
on any given day we simply don't know what trump we'll be getting
missing park ranger found in better-paying job
man bragging about how infrequently he receives dental care
rumsfeld: 'my half-assed job here is done'
new mayor drives around in giant snail car
read live updates on irma
this is america's best kept sex secret
aliens arrive late: 'sorry, hope nobody's killed themselves yet,' say aliens
silvio berlusconi gets penis stuck in wine bottle stuck in prostitute
shares of hazmat-suit maker spike on nyc ebola news
author accepts award on ghostwriters' behalf
trump supporter still sees obama taking his guns when he goes to sleep
mom finally drunk enough to put on bathing suit
starbucks unveils $7 wake-up slap
don't let the headphones (or the extra fat) fool you
restaurant that never has customers celebrates fifth weird year
depraved candidate struggling to support $100,000-a-day advertising habit
sixth-grader's family tree fails to hold up to scrutiny
police department threatens criminals with 'stranger things' spoilers
dick cheney takes george h.w. bush criticisms as 'mark of pride'
my 9/11 walk your talk pilgrimage
marital rape is not a crime in india. but one high court judge is pushing for change.
brock turner's mugshot is featured in a criminal justice textbook
'roots' remake to air memorial day weekend
'we do!' -- episcopalians ok marriage for same-sex couples
electing a president: 5 things to consider
nemesis lands alumni magazine cover
south korea suspects female assassins poisoned half-brother of north korean leader
trump again proves his claim about waiting for 'facts' after charlottesville was garbage
holding universities accountable
guy just trying on shirt right in middle of store
bill watterson writes, illustrates, shreds new 'calvin and hobbes' strip each morning out of spite
9 ways you're driving flight attendants insane
hillary clinton takes a stand against 'subminimum wage' for people with disabilities
postmaster general loses laptop; zip-code data of millions at risk
mild sexual harassment ignored to save the hassle
vatican canonizes john paul ii as patron saint of ignoring problem until you die
gop wants nasa to stop worrying about earth and focus on space
improve your sleep to improve your health
watch 6-year-old sophie cruz give one of the best speeches of the women's march
small-town sheriff has actually killed surprising amount of people
justice kennedy grills baker in colorado same-sex rights case
oscars 2018: the complete winners list
man thinks going to vegas for things other than gambling somehow less sad
kevin spacey should host the oscars!
richard simmons fighting for life in estrogen tent
it's snowing in florida and people are loving it
hillary clinton and donald trump are 'borne on the fm waves of the heart'
outfit just screams police officer
shark bites surfer on oahu's north shore
john kerry poses as masseuse to get few minutes with putin
andrea tantaros wants roger ailes, fox news execs to take a lie detector test
pushy hermit crab girlfriend wants to move in
inside: america rates the skin colors
six ways to support opposition in turkey
tv executive claims to be looking for edgy
3 roads to joy: 5 questions to start the journey now
monkey robs jewelry store and we go bananas (video)
justice department: 'want to see a dead body?'
james franco skips award ceremony after sexual misconduct accusations
the g-20 declaration makes a major mention of the world's top infectious killer
couple discovers shop that sells cakes
these radically colorful photographs will brighten your day
can @jack save twitter?
12-year-old hispanic boy not sure if he's supposed to be looking up to marco rubio
jenny beavan doesn't care if people didn't clap for her at the oscars
inside: spring fashions so glamorous you'll practically shit yourself
30-million-year-old species worried it doesn't have another evolution in it
old bastard, dirty bastard, dirty old bastard, ol' dirty bastard
obama photographer trolls vladimir putin with the who lyrics
paul ryan on removing devin nunes: 'the tax cuts are working'
cuban army honors fidel castro with 21-gun firing squad
china is forcing muslim children to abandon 'overly religious' names
garroting survivors call for wire ban
rising income inequality causing wealthy americans to take on second sailboat
watch: carl reiner professes his love for tina fey: 'she's still sexy'
senators wish domenici would bring dog to work more often
here's who will moderate the presidential and vice presidential debates
so you want to be an entrepreneur? 4 reasons to think twice
derek jeter reportedly ready to make a life-changing move
budweiser touts disaster relief efforts in 2018 super bowl ad
snowman sucks
prime rib primer: the roast with the most
mat kearney gets a 'second wind' with new album and tour
suicide note makes convincing case
schwarzenegger elected first horseman of the apocalypse
howie long expresses desire to direct radio shack spots
insurance only covers generic heart transplant
44 suspicious packages detonated under white house christmas tree
dave chappelle reprises 'chappelle's show' characters for 'walking dead' spoof on 'snl'
report: average american worker replaced within 10 minutes of taking vacation
donald trump boosts the national enquirer as likely showdown with hillary clinton looms
trump's support for punishing qatar is misguided
parade of interchangeable starlets delights u.s. populace
kermit the frog covering shaggy's 2000s classic 'it wasn't me' is comedy gold
coddled potted plant could never make it on outside
new archaeological find suggests mary magdalene was actually a size 12
soccer and the supporter-built spirit
missouri bill redefines hot lobbyist-on-lawmaker action as a 'gift'
at&t builds windowless black tower
the salaam games: coming to a stadium near you!
collateral sorrow
orlando foundation releases preview art of interim pulse memorial
biden's burden: loss pays another visit
21 reasons you should probably just get drunk with your parents
now this is how you rock white-on-white
obama responds to charlottesville violence with a quote from nelson mandela
7 simple habits you can adopt to keep fit
despondent sean spicer returned to locked kitchen cupboard following press briefing
uma thurman, ethan hawke to sire new race of homo celbritans
my kid doesn't need permission to walk out
mccain to hillary clinton: 'you've got to move on'
new honda commercial openly says your kids will die in a car crash if you buy a different brand
watch live: grammy award winner timbaland discusses memoir
power plays by robert dekkers for post:ballet
hillary clinton tells a fifth-grader she's also had to deal with bullies
no, donald trump isn't doing what al gore did in 2000
taliban condemns trump's decision to continue war in afghanistan
hollywood announces plan to remake jimmy stewart
kourtney kardashian and scott disick don't know how to quit each other
standards lowered for second search through fridge
overfunded public school forced to add jazz band
relationship based on mutual love of woodcrafts
twitter users mock 'trump caucus' photo for being 'so white,' they need sunglasses
approved catcalls
the witching hour, revisited
bernie sanders slams trump: 'that kind of crap is not going to work in the united states'
restaurateur david chang is launching a new culture-focused media company
7 sweet treats for mother's day
a 'sea of black masks': prosecutors open felony trial of inauguration protesters
infant doing everything in her power to save relationship
a brief history of paul ryan's dance of death with donald trump
yes, let's just ignore trump's hateful rhetoric and laugh about the guy in the sweater
wayne lapierre goes on harpooning spree to prove some sort of point
trump complains entire personality rigged against him
psychiatrists deeply concerned for 5% of americans who approve of congress
community solar brings renewable energy 'to the masses'
in depth: behind the veil of the middle east -- what life is like for women there
exxonmobil swears it's going to start taxes early this year
dow up 300 after deaths of 400
study finds employees most productive when they can set their own salaries
'zero dark thirty' reveals navy seals killed bin laden by frantically throwing whatever they could find at him
why underwater homeowners won't be saved by bank of america's $17 billion deal
why are bi men less likely to open up about same-sex attraction?
ad exec doesn't care what proverb actually means
hawaii becomes the 7th state to legalize medically assisted suicide
'any song can be sad if it has sad memories attached to it,' report newly single sources
what do non-farm payroll & interest rates mean for real estate?
here's the drunk history of fall out boy
watch: need to feel bad?
usps unveils new line of commemorative prince-inspired postal workers
bejewel your cat's butt with twinkle tush
relaxing tea better fucking work
kerry washington: we shouldn't have to give up our seats at the table for others' bad behavior
israeli strike kills prominent hezbollah members in syria
study finds majority of u.s. currency has touched financial executive's nude body
congress passes antisocial insecurity act
kid with rough home life gives mickey extra long hug
company's employees spend entire day touching base
the conversation women everywhere need to stop having
world war ii erupts: haunting color photos from 1939 poland
otherwise savvy woman duped by mascara makers again
dollar losing value against the quarter
how this transgender political hopeful plans to capitalize on 'milestone' ruling
embattled family member looks to clintons for rescue
the basics of personal branding - five simple questions before you start
gov. jack markell really believes bernie sanders won't win the nomination
gun goes off during life's third act
stock market 'best since 1928,' say investors
delta airlines counter agent assures man he will never see his family again
sanders could pull off michigan-style upset in ohio
sylvester stallone shells out $400,000 for a statue of himself
olympic swimmer ariana kukors is ready to fight sexual abuse in sports
all of artist's nudes look terrified
employees annoyed at having to attend 3-hour-long sexual seduction training
at this prison, people and animals get second chances
house gop is determined to make it harder for poor kids to get free school lunches
this is how you visualize the heartbeat of a city
california debates 'yes means yes' sex assault law
ex-wall street banker convicted of giving his father insider tips
donut shop's mission statement awfully ambitious
the lord of the rings: my survival guide to cancer
kate mckinnon's creepy kellyanne conway goes fatal attraction on 'snl'
when will we start expecting extreme weather, and planning for it?
voter turnout at eu polls: disinterest can be expensive
some guy who's not stephen colbert to deliver college's commencement speech
workers at donald trump's las vegas hotel vote to unionize
ava duvernay on women and minorities breaking into hollywood: 'follow the white guys'
experts reject trump's claim that obama founded isis
lupe fiasco explains why the concept of white supremacy is false
sprint's new long-distance relationship plan offers decreased minutes each month
teary-eyed tim kaine asks clinton if his hair will grow back in time for election day
nation finishes romantically pairing off except for the losers
garrison keillor fully deflates after massive sigh
trevor noah 'fires' michelle wolf from 'the daily show'
jury awards ex-employee of roscoe's chicken n' waffles $1.6m in race discrimination suit
area dad suspicious of car parked across street
jacob's pillow dance festival 2014 - daniel ulbricht/ballet 2014
harrison ford begs agents to just let him die now
pretty obvious which sibling going to have to deal with all the nursing home stuff
a playful reminder not to get too stressed out by parenting advice
man can't get police to care about his bob crane murder theory
senate intelligence committee confirms from testimony that donald trump jr. has no knowledge
stressed lab rat breaking out in human ears
girlfriend, girlfriend's brother look way too much alike
french catering company employs refugees to cook their native foods
how to find work you love
20-year-old says 'i deserved it' after fiancé punched her in the arm
desperate wheel of fortune receives approval to use swear words
elizabeth warren to campaign with hillary clinton in ohio
surging demand for rechargeable batteries is driving business to south america
u.s. reaches major milestone: 100,000 american students study in china
is the southern baptist church having an identity crisis, or am i?
secretary cracks under administration of third raspberry margarita
starr taunts clinton with humiliating 'sittin' in a tree' song
acoustic-guitar-wielding trump tells congress 'this here's the story of america'
security removes biden's rowdy buddies from auditorium
spanish authorities ask anyone with information about curbing endless cycle of nihilistic violence to come forward
'dawn of the planet of the apes' owns weekend box office
trans women and trans men offer intimate answers to personal questions
justice department calls on ferguson to align level of institutional racism with rest of country
mexican economic minister prepared 'to talk to the devil' if trump wins
success in relationships
china sets stage for xi jinping to stay in office indefinitely
obamacare premiums will be way higher next year. they didn't have to be.
98% of babies manic-depressive
conservative fury falls on ryan
hospitals are supposed to be for healing. in gaza, they're part of the war zone
aclu sounds alarm over trump administration's 'threat' to free speech
former 'munsters' child star shares the troubling real reason he quit acting
women-only mosque: 7 important considerations
less than half of the money pledged to fight ebola reached affected countries
cooking off the cuff: bluefish in saor – a new york take on a venetian favorite
fed lowers the boom on wells fargo after years of grotesque scandals
6 reasons amber riley is a curvy style icon
video-game character feeling healthier after eating turkey leg off ground
new chair of senate indian affairs committee wanted dapl protests shut down
a pissing contest, with nukes
hungover energy secretary wakes up next to solar panel
marvel's new she-hulk reminds us that anger can serve a purpose
man on weird fad diet where he eats flavorful meals that make him feel good
last few republican senators form roman tortoise
breaking: still nothing
tresspasser enters schools, sings justin bieber songs, police say
billy crystal reprises his 'city slickers' role to enter 'westworld'
new pfizer breakthrough miraculously extends lifespan of near-death patents
it's not about leading; it's about leading well
time-traveling commodities trader visits alternate hog future
aziz ansari slated to be 'snl's' first-ever south asian host
obama praises own strength, resilience in face of hardship during state of the union
bob barr on two-party system: "waaah! waaah!"
someone inserted beyonce into famous paintings, and it's just as glorious as it sounds
john kerry lost somewhere in gobi desert
jerky boys accidentally prank-call last remaining fan
dear president trump: breaking up banks isn't so hard to do
kate middleton feels royal baby kicking during queen's coronation anniversary
obama's next chapter: write a new book
kelly clarkson felt 'suppressed,' says top country star's career changed when he came out
mo'nique know she look good
area grandma enjoys flourishing correspondence with mailer-daemon
what all writers (and human beings) should keep in mind
if area dad steps on legos one more time
area dad just wants to watch one 7-hour block of television without interruption
officers of the peace
nepal calls: part two
new lion tamer shocked by vast amount of paperwork
local man casually mentions upcoming birthday
thousands are flocking to washington this weekend to demand climate action
gun pays for itself on first day
43 percent of americans are afraid to find out what's in hot dogs
rick perry speech electrifies 1,200 scared, miserable racists
brad pitt called before congress to testify about bicep regimen
flynn pleads guilty to lying to fbi, but, worst of all, lying to himself
kosovo protesters set fire to government hq
man knows he must ride unexpected urge to clean as far as it will take him
area loser blissfully unaffected by whims of stock market
denny's introduces 'just a humongous bucket of eggs and meat'
yoga: how we serve survivors of violence and toxic stress
problems with your pokemon go app? check this site for more info.
what it's really like to be 16 with cancer
historical archives: hy-genic apportionment of remaining paper
kanye west: 'i would've ridden away from a slave plantation on a motorcycle first chance i got'
god admits stealing idea for messiah from zoroastrianism
trump's monumental betrayal
twitter thinks apple's homepod looks like a roll of toilet paper
stripper failing school she's working self through
housekeeper too busy to be sassy
kesha thanks fans 'a million times over' in first public statement
embarrassed snake can't believe documentary crew caught it whiffing while lunging at toad
in late-night dissent, justice breyer sounds off against solitary confinement
new rumsfeld scholarship awarded to student who demonstrates potential to ignore geopolitical consequences of armed invasion
siblings playing tense game of chicken to decide who going to care for mom
roommate's boyfriend drinking yet another can of soda
a weighty new year's resolution
don't do this while trying to conceive
q-tip releases new multi-pronged family swab
john kelly explains to furious trump that gold star widow cannot be demoted to silver star widow
miley cyrus and other celebs start 2015 with a kiss
pregnancy isn't always pretty
postal worker rescues gifts from burning truck, saves christmas
dukes of hazzard sharply declines in kitsch value
arby's regional manager's work done here
these stunning overhead beach photos are enough last you to next summer
watch these dancers beautifully portray the evolution of a relationship
it easy to tell what area man will look like as skeleton
molly hatchet posts surprise upset in former deep purple district
donald trump & vaccines: is he ready to be responsible for a children's epidemic?
the sickly sweet children's books that inspired henry darger's dark imagination
bush promises to unite nation for real this time
british model freed after being kidnapped to be sold, italian police say
taylor swift grateful kanye west controversy taking heat off new swastika tattoo
t.g.i. friday's bankrupt after spending billions on priceless americana
watch anthony weiner discover he's not going to be new york's mayor
emperor penguin demands more smelt
father of theater shooting victim now sits in son's row at movies
george takei reminds donald trump of the past horrors of nuclear weapons
why you shouldn't freak out if your waist is bigger than 35 inches
kim k shares photos from north's baptism in jerusalem
double-entendre doesn't stand up to scrutiny
bar mitzvah marks local boy's passage into materialism
state appoints obviously hungover attorney
qatar said to run a covert training camp for syrian rebels with u.s. help
protesters descend on ice san francisco headquarters after immigration raids
abu ghraib inside joke lost on rest of world
the most problematic punctuation mark, explained
snapchat's snapcash: is peer-to-peer payment safe?
man eating mcchicken sandwich can tell mcdonald's switched up antibiotics
gawker is said to retool as politics site
malaysian airliner shot down, fedex charged over drug shipments (video)
polling booth completely disgusting by time last voters get there
we're crazy in love for leslie jones, tara lipinski and johnny weir's beyoncé moves
larry kudlow 'leaning' toward senate run in connecticut
a story is literally bursting off the page in this intricate fairy tale photograph
wedding dj could have anyone here
area man good for the economy
watch a kebab shop owner stay super chill during an armed robbery
leslie jones and adam rippon commentating on figure skating is an olympic dream
top entrepreneurial business lessons i've learned
the right to know reader: our current laws do not protect you from toxic chemicals
glade introduces new spring meadow fire extinguisher
woman deriving some sort of sick pleasure from healthy new diet, lifestyle
u.s. forces take control of white house
this is why you shouldn't skateboard drunk
entire life of universe flashes before stephen hawking's eyes
tyra banks doesn't have time for drake's worst behavior in 'child's play' video
a viewer's guide to tonight's democratic debate
terri schiavo dies of embarrassment
democrats weren't invited to review classified documents on fbi informant
first family gets pet asp
non-priest arrested on charges of child molestation
researchers find link between education, smartness
fashion industry declares hottest spring look is upbeat attitude
'it was fine,' says man following visit with only people on earth who love him
early-morning jogger pities everyone still sleeping
toys r us may shut down all u.s. operations, impacting thousands of workers
part written specifically with sylvia saint in mind
'nuns on the bus' to drive through seven states to greet the pope
political cartoonist not sure how to convey that large sack in senator's hand is full of money
holocaust survivor receives high school diploma at age 88
creepy older brand clearly targeting female 18-to-24-year-olds
#emojisinthewild is taking over instagram
mom holds knife to throat of dinner guest who offered to help with dishes
stephen colbert attempts to list everything trump has attacked harder than nazis
donald trump says hollywood pulled 'the race card' with criticism at oscars
thomas piketty and fear of the "full francais"
beware the bumbler
coworker wondering if anyone interested in laying bare their physical shortcomings in basketball league this year
ireland, gay marriage and the church
website on disabilities act that tripped up betsy devos disappears
teacher in cash-strapped ohio school district forced to make do with centuries-old firearms
lava eruption, pakistan protests and a kite surfing record: week in photos
government watchdog agrees to investigate trump voter fraud commission
new, improved obamacare program released on 35 floppy disks
uninformed buffoon barely comprehends conversation about taylor swift
parkland dad has pointed message for oliver north, nra's new president
former new york post reporter on trump: he played 2 sports, 'golf and lying'
smiley scrubbing bubbles devour area child
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
while you were asleep new year's day morning, muslims waged jihad on your streets
friday talking points -- prelude to silly season
snoop dogg helps give out 1,500 turkeys to families in need
america thinks donald trump's debate performance was a catastrophe
un quietly pushed into east river
america ferrera posts tearful message on post-election grief
nation wishes it could just once be reminded of preciousness of life without mass shooting
anti-vaxxers have neil degrasse tyson worried
vigilante judge takes law into own hands
chris christie: watercolor memories of a candidacy that 'peaked too soon'
how to help victims of louisiana floods
turtle bocce balled around
co-worker's bad mood getting you down? here's what to do about it
the one thing i 'force' on my kids
this republican once said helping refugees made us a 'better nation.' but now he's done.
hodor's mom makes the most savage joke about her son's tv death
woman mentally rifles through friends for perfect person to sympathize with current pettiness
volkswagen looks to settle criminal probe with fines up to $1.2 billion
tv guide channel tops nielsens
trump jokes about fate of vulnerable gop senator during health care talks
mariah carey's disastrous new year's eve performance was producers' fault, reps say
here are 10 of the best political quotes of 2014
kids with allergies are more likely to have anxiety and depression
businessman does his work lying on bed like schoolgirl
mom has stacked dinner party roster
4 billion years of evolution unable to prevent area man from drooling on self
'time' magazine subscribers brace for inevitable issue with close-up of ted cruz's face
texas governor warns it could be decades before state fully ready to talk about climate change
jimmy carter mediating dispute between martin luther king jr.'s heirs
retarded child gets new video game right before every dinner party
4 ways to support farm-to-school policies
stevie nicks dancing alone on beach under full moon
i don't belong in tech
wendy's wants consumers to know it's fine with gays, disapproves of interracial marriage
stephen breyer sets supreme court record for most gavels in mouth
banners at old dominion university declare students' house a 'freshman daughter drop off' site
area man tired of making excuses for rapist friend
mit physicists split the smithereen
kevin spacey responds to assault allegations by seeking treatment for homosexuality
american public gets exactly what it deserves for 112th straight election
women who love donald trump say he gets a bad rap from the media
ghostwriter taking a few creative liberties with paul reiser's life
white house staff secretary rob porter resigns over abuse allegations
scottish busker eric gudmunsen roasts donald trump as only a scotsman can
scientists discover tiniest hedgehog ever
unstoppable killing machine out of toner
u.s. budget deficit to balloon on republican tax cuts: cbo
nhl team makes stirring gesture to honor paris terror victims
chamillionaire responds to critics who don't get why he helped mexican immigrant
dad receives advance intelligence on visiting son's new eyeliner
muhammad as spirit of truth: a christian testimony against islamophobia
fed: 'if jobs are meant to be with us, they'll come back on their own'
doctors reveal dick cheney burning through at least 3 hearts each week
gay former nfl player's big voice wins the week on 'the voice'
new york times editorial board endorses john kasich for gop nomination
confused marines capture al-jazeera leader
chagas disease: a 2014 world cup yellow card
popular new dating app just list of 20 attractive singles to repeatedly scroll through
entirety of beat poetry audience just faking knowing what's happening
colombia's 52-year war is officially over as new peace deal passes
christianity celebrates one billionth unanswered prayer
a progressive firm fired a partner for allegedly assaulting a female staffer. soon she was gone, too.
cameron esposito made yuletide a little gayer with nativity scene photo
dennis hastert fights to locate, save neck
kirk franklin blasts creflo dollar's $65 million private jet campaign
united apologizes to passenger with cerebral palsy who had to crawl off plane
imagine a world where the nra used positive messaging and preached responsibility
jennifer lopez rear-ended by drunk driver
literally what is sarah palin even talking about
cosme: an invitation always accepted
graffiti artist completes masterwork 'still life of marijuana leaf'
false ballistic missile alert sends hawaii into 'complete panic'
churchgoer tips god for excellent week
tuesday's morning email: ebola contracted outside of west africa
meet one of the first cross-service, same-sex military couple to wed
confessions of a serial songwriter: play me
north korea promised to include release of u.s. citizens in meeting with trump: report
arab-american actually kind of enjoys always having 2 bus seats to self
the false divide between digital vs. traditional media
grandma's halloween display shows the horrors of america's racism
area bird creeped out by bird watcher
dogs left outside in the cold have died and been found 'frozen solid'
espn pulls broadcaster from virginia game because his name is robert lee
samantha bee tells democrats what it'll take to stop donald trump
what is mindful eating, and how do you practice it?
san francisco could become the first u.s. city with safe injection sites for drug users
christian resistance to trump is growing
if i have gay children: 4 promises from a christian pastor/parent
third stepdad in row has goatee
carrie underwood gives fans an update on her face after getting 50 stitches
leonardo dicaprio kisses bear before going up to receive oscar
oscar pistorius is a 'broken man,' psychologist says at sentencing
jesse jackson: 'absolutely' no reason for officer to shoot
poll finds hillary clinton candidate most americans want to have 8-ounce glass of tap water with
anthropologists discover ancient greek super pac that helped shape first democracy
60-year-old corporate executive grotesquely forms word 'hashtag'
saltless pretzel hangs alone in bulb-heated rack
defunct 4-year-old sports blog still lurking on internet
mother's day dinner: 10 easy, elegant recipes to wow mom
friend takes liberty of ordering $40 worth of appetizers for entire table
report: average person spends 27% of lifetime in the way
nation's insomniacs speak out against world's-strongest-man competitions
area woman thinks she could live in city she's visiting
white-on-white violence claims life of accounts receivable supervisor
selena gomez tears up while performing tribute to christina grimmie during concert
donald trump injects yet another conspiracy theory into 2016 news cycle
truth through fiction
there's a larger dialogue on gender that has gone missing
new sanctions to stall exxon's arctic oil plans
11 women revisit the places they experienced street harassment
new study reveals nothing pfizer's lawyers can't take care of
new hobby sucks
jessica simpson reveals slimmer figure after chopping off limbs
area eyesore also a data technician
everything you need to know before watching the 'stranger things' season 2 premiere
director scott schwartz takes on disney's hunchback
bouncer instructed not to let people like himself in
syrian electronic army has a little fun before inevitable upcoming deaths at hands of rebels
here's how india can become more integrated in global trade
millionaire pays for breast implants for rolls royce hood ornament
frustrated employee no longer even trying to hide gre study books
these are the most exciting photos from the 2016 iowa caucuses
walmart limits opioid prescriptions in bid to curb epidemic
10 rom-coms love addicts should avoid
local church full of brainwashed idiots feeds town's poor every week
55 incredible photos of girls going to school around the world
in a devastated puerto rican landscape, getting by on tenacity, patience and the kindness of neighbors
is china a partner or a predator in africa? it's complicated.
wedding caterer likes to throw in extra potatoes if it seems like couple genuinely in love
'you are not the brightest of my four sons'... and other depressing things that have been said to me
lynx mom wrestling with her babies in the snow will warm your heart
10 things you didn't know about louis c.k.
sean spicer just so happens to be asleep during melissa mccarthy's 'saturday night live' sketches
why is a dairy farmer with no intel experience the house intelligence committee chairman?
mike pompeo startled after seeing 'beware of hubris' scrawled in oil on bathroom mirror
nation could probably draw john boehner from memory at this point
the great escape
the most high-tech cruise ship ever
tom clancy's death hits cincinnati airport hudson news cashier pretty hard
las vegas casino owners announce plans to tear down don rickles
anyone want to watch bill murray get sprayed with champagne?
oil prices soar like noble eagle
a dirty little secret about my sex life
a valentine like no other
friend's wife reportedly very funny
step inside the technicolor dream world of brazilian love motels
kfc paleontologists reconstruct 24-piece party bucket from single chicken leg
kasich trying to find other states where he is beloved multi-term governor
how to swear like a local
12 absurd (but real) concerns 'bachelorette' suitors have about dating
13 year old boy diagnosed with incurable puberty
deconstructing mr. damore's google diversity memo
mother watches as her sons, 2 others gunned down in chicago restaurant
time for an arab nato?
the american dream: what does that part about kissing the gym teacher mean?
mortgage market collapse threatens nation's banner ad industry
sean spicer given own press secretary to answer media's questions about his controversial statements
photo of masked gunman released
study finds controlling, possessive behavior most pure expression of love
bachelorette party saved by actual firemen
conjoined twins separated at birth reunited in freak accident
jealous god wants area man's '69 charger
louis c.k. reveals he once ruined a job for jimmy fallon
kinky lawn chair likes leaving woman with marks all over her legs
former commish michael copps: 'maybe the worst fcc i've ever seen'
the ego-centric art world is killing art
world wildlife fund publishes photo of what species last seen in 1987 might have evolved to look like
historical archives: the twenty top-most books in print at present
america, the next hobby lobby case is heading for the supreme court
indian prince manvendra singh gohil to open lgbtq center on family's royal grounds
defiant north korea launches what appears to be icbm
a selfless chef won a reality game show and used the prize money to feed his community.
13 tough life situations -- and the perfect books to get you through
the pta mom and the power couple from hell
might rbg's trump criticism come home to roost?
watch lil wayne & drake perform new single during tour opener
derek jeter flawlessly hustled president obama in a round of golf
sexual assault survivors' rights act of 2016: 'our nation's laws stand firmly on the side of survivors'
london opening ceremonies end with traditional lighting of olympic stadium
oklahoma governor issues 37-day stay for inmate richard glossip
gop leaders confident they'll have cruelty necessary to pass healthcare bill
why the moms who love aunties are amazing, too
leslie allen merritt jr., suspect in phoenix freeway shootings, says he is 'wrong guy'
watch skateboarder shred a downhill run at 70 mph
walk the moon to perform 'shut up and dance' on the vmas red carpet
pieces of bread really starting to pile up for overworked duck
beyoncé begins painful surgical transformation to prepare for role in live-action 'lion king' remake
area woman lovingly lint rolling cardigan as if tending to prized stallion
kristen stewart ditches her brunette locks for a bleached 'do
senate bill aims to lock hackers out of connected cars
cc sabathia opens up for first time since entering rehab
area woman has no idea she will hate jennifer lawrence 7 years from now
cubs fans cautiously optimistic after jake arrieta throws 8th no-hitter, team scores over 30 runs for 12th consecutive game
these are the home trends you'll see all year, according to pinterest
doctors recommend getting 8 centuries of cryosleep
embracing the future: this week in daily giving
bo obama issues first public bark since leaving white house
best burger restaurants in america
nervous pope candidate changes wine into jesus christ's urine
report: increasing number of u.s. toddlers attending online preschool
judge rolls eyes, upholds naughty baker's first-amendment rights
(still) daring to be different in dr. martens
why the lord's prayer is bad news for many christians
report: still a few seconds left where plane low enough to crash with everyone surviving
miracle baby born with job
how to be grateful (and stop acting like a frustrated toddler)
why you should use conditioner before getting in the shower
steve bannon's inflamed liver pulsing visibly through shirt during strategy meeting
'chapter 1: clark,' reports awful manuscript
black man blissfully unaware his name going to be hashtag by end of week
unesco designates new world heritage sites
'simpsons' creator on apu debate: 'people love to pretend they're offended'
costa rica's green energy feat shows hope for the planet
dallas politician tells nra to get lost unless it's ready to talk reform
friday's morning email: inside the sexual harassment allegations against movie mogul harvey weinstein
state department official: 'it's going to take years' to defeat the islamic state
wild leopard enters school and attacks six people
police sketch artist admits to only drawing people who have wronged him
trump insists that now, more than ever, americans must stand strong in face of empathy
beyonce shares more blue ivy photos, melts more hearts
russian nuclear submarine catches fire in shipyard
spotify and bumble will finally let you judge potential dates based on their music taste
script could use another pass, mom says
man looks on helplessly as variants of his nickname evolve and multiply at breakneck speed
it takes about 20 celebrities to explain why 62 million girls are being dumbed down
taylor swift brings fans to tears with surprise gifts
history buff can really relate to millard fillmore
panicked man looking for son stressing everybody out
the room i carry with me
mike pence visits small town hit hard by kids seeing r-rated movies
huffpost rise: what you need to know on february 26
stephen curry signs an insane deal with golden state warriors
alex trebek deftly prolongs agonizing small talk
usain bolt ends olympic career with one more gold
academy award winners you didn't know were from illinois
trump is setting the stage to fire mueller
who will be the next james bond?
george w. bush interrupted obama to ask him to snap a picture of him and it was amazing
miss america called before u.n. council for not promoting enough world peace
donald trump is wrong that americans don't care about his tax returns
tsa under fire over expensive, ineffective program
not sure what an apple watch is for? try these 12 apps
russian jets in 'unsafe' encounters with destroyer: u.s. official
area woman fulfills dream of becoming writer by getting job at bookstore
protecting the southeast side and all of chicago
ostensibly heterosexual man constantly threatening to put objects up coworkers' asses
'the onion' guarantees all who watch new amazon series shall be spared
doj is monitoring investigation into fatal police shooting of philando castile
the long fight for justice
fans disappointed to learn 'fast five' contains no car-chase scenes
donald glover needed 'white translator' to convince fx to allow 'n-word' in 'atlanta'
indira gandhi: 30 years later, not a fond memory
the inside scoop on fall's must-see movies
area man totally blows his chance to see 'exodus: gods and kings' in theaters
pharmaceutical rep assures doctor he personally tries every drug he promotes
pope francis beats confession out of uncooperative catholic
why trumpcare is giving senate republicans heartburn
king ralph fails to become hip retro reference
hopes of religious freedom in former soviet union fall short
what's your book shelfie style?
man who encourages child's destructive id referred to as 'good with kids'
huffpost hill - iraq broken despite all our help
pressure to defund planned parenthood increases for gop
trump's fbi attacks are helping accused terrorists defend themselves in court
8.8 million people enrolled in obamacare plans for 2018
happy birthday america
high school students line up for school oil portrait day
border patrol violence must stop
man does what he convinced himself he loves for a living
5 things about wedding planning that really suck
woman claims to reenact michael phelps affair in 'going for the gold' porno
new study finds best way to determine if you are android still cutting open forearm to reveal circuitry within
unnamed new gas station struggling to find 'stop 'n go' variant
viewing ads on website sole way in which man contributing to economy
there's a reason powerful americans love to attack black sports figures
teens freak out while watching old cigarette commercials
olympic skier stares down icy, forbidding slope of rest of life
gordon ramsay's 5 basic cooking lessons involve no anger, lots of helpful tips
winneshiek county stadium indeed ready to rock
donald trump conveniently forgets the time he said more countries should have nukes
israeli pm debuts new road map for continued strife
hiv positive man hits london streets for 'heartwarming' experiment
dept. of transportation to replace highway mile markers with dead raccoons
ukrainian band lyudska podoba talks patriarchy, sexualities and trojan horses
cara delevingne gets a laugh out of pushing paparazzo in paris
black mark on birth control manufacturer's record weighs in at 7 pounds, 6 ounces
family has way too many daughters for them not to have been trying for son
dccc makes first investment in pennsylvania democrat's special election bid
cnn panel gets in tense battle over caitlyn jenner
report: trump bans 'transgender,' 'fetus,' 'science-based' from cdc documents
is 'russiagate' collapsing as a political strategy?
australian politician accused of floating electric shocks for tired drivers
you can now message the president on facebook
coworker who went to gym this morning a chipper little fucker
tbs once again leads all networks in leslie nielsen ratings
al-qaeda: latest missile attack bears hallmarks of u.s. military
nevada politician: getting an abortion was 'the right decision' for me
there's nothing wrong with those of us who want to color our gray hair
mars lander staggers into nasa headquarters drunk, broke
too late now to switch from checkout line with talkative cashier
international operators of equity crowdfunding sites beware -- the sec may come after you
32 throwback halloween costumes that totally deserve another run
islamic fundamentalists condemn casual day
school of the arts aims to transform boys and girls into insufferable young men and women
song premiere: j.d. mcpherson, 'bossy'
tonight: house faces his greatest challenge yet
sex toy discreetly shipped in plain dildo-shaped box
schwarzenegger admits to affair with predator costume
'look at all the tiny houses,' whispers trump as jet reaches 10,000 feet
as i watch my daughter grow into the woman she'll become
tania bruguera: 'in cuba we have learned our duties very well but not our rights'
this teen's trying to make the road safer years before she even starts driving
'you thought you could get rid of me?' says cassini probe emerging from shadows to confront petrified nasa administrator
uneducated nba star urges kids to stay in school
area man pretty loud at guitar
air pollution linked to millions of premature births around the globe
drunk driver found hiding in nativity scene after crashing car: police
half of the amazon's tree species are threatened
christmas dinner: 14 easy, elegant recipes
unwatched netflix dvd stares at area man with single unblinking eye
robert pattinson & fka twigs spend time at chateau marmont
american muslims to fort hood shooter: 'thanks a lot, asshole'
see families reunite after donald trump's travel ban was lifted -- and try not to cry
a look into the nyc that was never built
raid on nacho-supremacist compound uncovers guacamole-making materials
gender equality won't just change women's lives -- it'll change everyone's
could this be the end of the kellen moore experiment?
obama's still trying to convince people his birth certificate is real
fbi panicking after learning encrypted national security communications may have been intercepted by trump administration
thursday's morning email: government shutdown threat looms over border wall faceoff
the bendy smartphone of the future is (almost) here
this is what happens when an nba champ crashes your bachelorette party
the u.s. throws out $3 billion in cancer drugs every year
degrees not debt
'fire rainbow' supplants double rainbow as social media rainbow of choice
josh earnest wants the new york times to give obama credit for transparency
a conversation on getting dressed
trevor noah has a mind blowing theory about sean hannity
my life at frost valley ymca
l'oréal releases new line of makeup specifically for men to wear when wives not home
uncaged black futures now
rapper french montana launches campaign to help dreamers go to college
anthony weiner would rather eat a wooden table than return to congress
pope wraps up south american tour with visit to banado norte slum
native american students sue the u.s. government over dismal education
bernie sanders is running against hillary clinton and losing against time
new rnc ad endorses roy moore: 'he's a scumbag, but he's our scumbag'
'stranger pugs' is the greatest thing to happen to the internet
by embracing psychology and ignoring polls, democrats could still win the '14 elections
oops: hot mic broadcasts al roker going to the bathroom
john dowd resigns as trump's lead lawyer in russia probe
americans increasingly believe labor unions benefit the economy
these two men share the beautiful story of how their family was created
congress raises killing age to 19
this swimsuit model stuns from the neck up, for a refreshing change
vet sets out to swim mississippi river in memory of fallen soliders
jerry always willing to pick up overtime
leno's voicemail message pauses for laughter
marilinda garcia wins gop primary in new hampshire
this man used netflix to propose, and now we're ugly crying at our desk
'the daily show' remembers anthony scaramucci, a man taken before his time
girl you could've slept with pretty successful now
8-month-old sick of staring at pooh's smug face all day
why i'll happily pay for tidal
new voting booths lock americans inside for 45 minutes so they can consider decision before casting ballot
quaker oats assembly-line worker fired for 'oops! all berries' incident
dear anti-marcoses, pro-marcoses, and the spirit of philippine martial law
nasa joins twitter users to name those newly discovered planets. the inevitable happens.
lamar odom leaves hospital after 'miraculous and continued improvement'
bruno mars reportedly offered halftime spot for super bowl 50
the gun doesn't have to go off for it to be a hate crime
5 types of annoying people to avoid at all costs
report: majority of americans now answering to name 'lardface'
explosions heard in rural area near aleppo
these are the top 15 u.s. cities for couples, according to rent.com
superstitious ocean blaming all its weird behavior on the moon
mommy having sleepover
misbuttoned coat makes perfectly sane woman look like raving lunatic
nikki lost 89 pounds: 'any mom will tell you scheduling time to exercise can be very hard'
report: 98 percent of americans afraid of 98 percent of americans
national filmstrip board calls for quiet
you may have missed the 6th woman on time's person of the year cover
officials struggling to condense trump's intelligence briefing down to one word
gop promotes carly fiorina to male candidate after strong debate showing
mercy hospital turns away uninsured patient
the maker of oreos is hiring for a dream job: chocolate taster
trump nominee kathleen hartnett white ignores climate change in her own backyard
colton dixon on what it was like to be an extra in 'hannah montana: the movie'
support pours in for 4-year-old whose prosthetic was stolen
celebrity 'caught' smoking
national interest in anything hovering around 3 percent
bid to save gawker.com falls short
are we really sure we want a president pence?
senate passes $1.3 trillion spending bill, sends it to trump
proud billionaire helps young son open first offshore bank account
epa urges flint residents to stop dumping tap water down drain
these 8 asian american movement stories from the past year show us the way forward
jesus surprises 700 club with walk-on appearance
slightly larger chair shifts delicate balance of office power
troop gradually withdraws
parrot's previous owner obviously watched a lot of the price is right
royal baby has father's eyes
john oliver: 'f**king idiot' trump managed to screw up disavowing nazis
amandla stenberg is fearless and awesome in 'dazed' magazine
democratic senator caught on video with $70,000 in drug money
we in golden age of thing, guy who likes thing reports
school for the blind has huge empty grass field out front
senate republicans just killed their health care bill again
higher one must repay millions to students over 'deceptive' financial aid practices
icelandic prime minister abruptly ends interview after tax scandal question
14 workout pants that could pass as real pants
madeleine albright apologizes for implying female bernie supporters will go to hell
mit scientists perfect $30 million love tester
trump says iran is complying with nuclear deal, but remains a dangerous threat
life choices leading area man to career in self-storage
area man suddenly realizes he's the one who's been killing off world's bee population
flu takes down biggest guy in office as warning to rest of staff
indiana jones could be played by a woman, steven spielberg says
just a couple of muppets singing n.w.a's 'express yourself'
oxford english dictionary to add 'skype' and 'coat' to latest edition
the best place to buy designer fall clothes on sale
school principal pauses for applause that never comes
baltimore pigeons shocked to find beloved shitting statues gone
and that's how i beat shaq ... at a game of mind control
letter to my girls about the mean girl
amazing 'human fly' lives off diet of garbage
5 brilliant tricks that make moving cheap
protesters ejected from donald trump rally after holding up pocket constitutions
trevor noah says wikileaks proves clinton is guilty -- of being boring
man's relationship advice same as his hunting tips
free your mind your crotch will follow
museum's audio guide informs visitors how much more they getting out of experience than others
jeff bezos tables latest breakthrough cost-cutting idea after realizing it's just slaves
is it ok to be rich?
natural light very important to local man
pelosi throws cold water on tax extenders bill as talks run down to the wire
redbox debuts new touchscreen in back of kiosk for pornographic features
isis losing its 'capital' is a pivotal defeat for the terrorist group
activists to deliver 'spines' to chuck schumer to protest cabinet confirmations
nato leader says going it alone not an option after trump victory
top climate change doubter didn't mention that oil companies were paying him
mitt romney reaches out to young voters with laser tag pizza party
authorities claim the true austin bomber was everyone who failed this sensitive, promising kid
richard branson's global-warming donation nearly as much as cost of failed balloon trips
watch: ferguson protesters have some demands
man 20 minutes into organizing shelves becomes grimly aware of what chaos he has wrought
donald trump's attacks on a judge were racist and wrong: poll
hot puerto rican scientist sweeps latin nobel prize awards
ironic-kitsch-appreciation subculture excited about new britney spears novel
new jersey supreme court rules the bastard had it coming
man who bought 34th anniversary reissue of fleetwood mac's 'rumours' feeling like real idiot after passing display for 35th anniversary edition
winners tie in scripps national spelling bee
spy world-famous
fourth graders suspended after plotting to kill teacher with hand sanitizer
north carolina law may risk federal aid
what i realized when i let my mom take over my online dating profile
'diversity was the real winner last night,' report hundreds of dumbasses whose very existence insults the name of journalism
perfect response to heckler somewhere in prop comedian's trunk
gop leaders assure sobbing rubio it not his fault party splitting up
new study finds solving every single personal problem reduces anxiety
this guy gave people a 'sneak peak' at the iphone 7, but joke's on them!
a lifeline for disappearing cod
woman who claims book changed her life has not changed
student fills in new essay portion of sat with all c's
smoke detector saves family from buying new batteries for remote
5 missing after army helicopter downed near hawaii
more mosques receive letter threatening genocide as police close in on suspected author
arkansas begins listing some same-sex parents on birth certificates
nation still reeling from mega-success of 'mr. popper's penguins'
senate candidate asks gop opponents to sign pledge limiting outside spending
nyc photographer leverages instagram to plot the future of marketing
hilton head island is the best
a small request for mother's day
it unclear why thousands of loud, chanting trump supporters gathering outside arena in iowa
6 expert tips for recent college grads on the job hunt
fat guy mistakenly thought of as strong
mom in nightgown mode
yoga teacher has way too much on plate to fuck any more students right now
george and amal clooney stun in first post-baby red carpet appearance
face-reading: an advantage in business
this absolutely the last time bouncer cleans up vomit
arkansas gets permission to enforce voter id law in primaries
how the world's worst ebola outbreak started from a single child
study finds suspicious circumstances still leading cause of death in russia
iowa resident has opinion month too late
'guardians of the galaxy' director masterfully trolls marvel executive impersonator
presidential campaigns haven't agreed to 'acceptable' post-election press access
exercise briefly considered
read the list of important issues this 7-year-old sent to elected officials
will p5+1 and iran clinch a deal?
watch 'harry potter' actors get sorted into hogwarts houses irl
all-knowing invisible hand of free market once again guides millions in profits to nation's bead stores
mark zuckerberg admits he unsure why anyone still uses facebook
kurrencykook.com gives new $100 bill mixed review
the knicks and magic played the worst quarter in nba history last night
this is the first u.s. school to allow marijuana for disabled students
here's the poop on antarctica's secret penguin society, population 1.5 million
daddy issues worked out on dance floor
85 percent of u.s. cole slaw remains uneaten
lot of bold talk about making broth going around apartment
one key thing writing teachers never told me and probably won't tell you
el chapecoense y el piloto boliviano.
drunk man incites panic after jumping on bar and praising allah: police
california city elects dead man to office after bizarre campaign
rob portman: obama will face 'lawsuits' if he acts alone on immigration
man feeling pressure to live up to conversation between barber and customer in next chair
who owns the keys to your apple device? (hint: it may not be you)
it's not as easy as you think to spot a gerrymandered map
bailiff can't help wondering what life would be like on other side of judge
12 history-making transgender politicians from around the world
don't sweat the sweat stuff
person who clearly hasn't seen 'the fifth element' arguing there no good roles for women
romney: 'this is why they call me turnaround mitty from comeback city'
this 1927 essay proves we've always worried about the future of books
twitter users blast donald trump for using hurricane harvey 'as political cover'
trump aide says endorsement of ivanka's brand was 'light-hearted'
twitter is way more brutal than the nfl
despite armie hammer profile in 'good housekeeping' magazine, 'lone ranger' a flop at box office
retirees enjoy low-cost, high quality healthcare in this beautiful latin american country
deputy interior secretary met with lobbyist for a casino his former firm also represents
what it's like to become a brand new dad, in photos
michelle obama shutters 'let's move!' program after failed 3-year run
immigration legislation is dead -- now what?
trump's moment of truth is coming
christian slater dropped from list of names to drop
mom and dad take hilariously relatable back-to-school photos
woman transitions from being terrified of getting pregnant to being terrified she can't get pregnant
serial killer remembers neighbors as quiet, unsuspecting
thomas the tank engine a little uneasy with his broad autistic following
swiss guard charge writhing mass of black tentacles devouring pope francis
donald trump supports using federal funds to fix states' bridges and roads, elaine chao says
joe biden shows up to inauguration with ponytail
kim kardashian west held at gunpoint in paris by men dressed as police officers (update)
climate deal text 'agreed' in paris
asexually reproduced sea sponge worried she's turning into herself
dionne warwick remembers bobbi kristina brown
annoying man more annoying after skydiving
biden forges president's signature on executive order to make december dokken history month
arizona can't ban mexican-american studies anymore, judge says
mom tries to nap with baby. baby has other plans.
christian theme park features world's largest spanking machine
celeb men are leading a male mental health revolution
time to kick turkey out of nato
constrictive dress severs rachel mcadams at waist
heart-shaped jacuzzi  clogged again
142 plane crash victims were statistically more likely to have died in a car crash
man figures he has 2 more bites of roommate's leftovers before it noticeable
report: obama to meet with congressional leaders on isis
dog with skin condition has a strange past
report: majority of ufo abductions committed by alien that person knows
man's alcoholism getting a little out of hand
why i want to live like i'm 40 in my 20s
white house officials confirm malia obama now seven feet, nine inches tall
hhs secretary tom price says 'nobody will be worse off financially' under obamacare repeal
a second-by-second breakdown of sean spicer's holocaust comments
astronomers caution americans not to look directly at screaming spirits of the damned during solar eclipse
ad campaign appeals to young, hip, influenced-by-ad-campaigns demographic
baseball team creates in-stadium nursing suite for moms
united airlines flies children with serious illnesses to santa's north pole
teacher wishes she could inspire one of the more popular students
area man excited to hear girlfriend has been doing a lot of thinking
i survived hurricane maria thanks only to the kindness of strangers
prison inmates name feared guard known as 'captain america'
boss came to work today dressed as guy who fires sean
man on first date cunningly leaves behind one of his fingers at woman's house
man not accepting any more television recommendations at this time
night of uninterrupted deep sleep really throws man's day off
israeli soldiers open fire on palestinians carrying potentially dangerous injured friends
on our doorstep: the gatlinburg fires
medicine has a sexism problem, and it's making sick women sicker
binge-watching netflix is making you feel lonely and depressed
huffpollster: texas and massachusetts are the states to watch on super tuesday
trial of al jazeera journalists adjourned again
5 ways to make sense of your running data
man who treats women with respect asked what his secret is
local extension cord blasted for failing to reach outlet
bike helmet protects child from helmet-inspired beating
older brother of omran daqneesh dies from injuries sustained in airstrike
hillary clinton reveals what's more important than her campaign
shy man narrowly evades free sample
man's only contribution to house search periodically telling wife he wishes he knew how to help
decision to circle parking lot produces carbon emission that finally does it
personnel director really enjoyed meeting you
man clearly gamed 'which teenage mutant ninja turtle are you?' quiz to get raphael
nra's dana loesch: 'many in legacy media love mass shootings'
why britain's spy chief says he wouldn't hire james bond
a (long overdue) letter to donald trump
trump comforts grieving war widow by assuring her he will never die
85-year-old russian stares at cement wall of room
a member of the far-right proud boys menaced a twitter user on his doorstep
the u.s. military has created its own tinderbox in africa
pacific ocean quarantined after contact with carnival cruise ship
dating technology
man who tried to burn ex-girlfriend's house with cheetos is convicted
norman reedus' new movie 'air' looks just as creepy as 'walking dead'
house reauthorizes controversial surveillance law
new dating site matches users with partners they deserve
nation's nutritionists confirm mini versions of food nummier
man at airport pissed that other people had same idea to go home for thanksgiving
chloe is back to help you celebrate 'independence'!
police homicide investigation uncovers cap in ass
grit: your secret success strategy
nj man responds to police summons in grossest possible way
area woman's type tall, athletic men who have already hurt her
watch: meteorologist evacuates during live tornado report
sunday roundup
description of hot-dog ingredients fails to ruin picnic
single mother working 3 minimum-wage jobs just trying not to live in the moment
hussein family can't bear to throw out uday's favorite nutsack shocker
fyre festival co-founder has history of failing his customers
biologists discover billions of missing bees living anonymously in sacramento
cow ted cruz milking in wisconsin photo op only giving curdled, foul liquid
comey bolsters case for obstruction of justice by trump
chocolate pudding up $2 a barrel
baseball slugger on pace to hit 60 women
paul ryan's attempt at being a relatable 'emoji guy' backfires
this will make you never want to check a bag again
area christian forgives you
steven spielberg bashes virtual reality at cannes
the sound of president trump's silence
a definitive history of trump steaks™
grandmother down to 10-step radius around recliner in den
wednesday's morning email: why the latest comey news matters
what to know regarding current treatments for ebola
preserving the phoenician heritage of tyre against the latest threats in the middle east
presumed innocent. found dead.
these sparkly geode lips are about to rock your world
coworkers brought to place of unthinkable intimacy by team-building exercise
are you selfish or self-responsible?
comedian breaks down the hilarious struggles of a latino thanksgiving
86-year-old photographer sues feds over massive 'suspicious activity' database
strangulation the new blow to the head, says hired killer magazine
john kerry attempts to bully codepink into silence
area couple not sure if sex was tantric
making inequality the center of the 2016 debate
kam chancellor got the cops called on him for looking at a gym
racist merely misspoke
cops accused of racism after detaining black man over 'vegetation'
nation secretly hoping 9/11 becomes a day off soon
who urges trump to expand, not repeal, obamacare
idina menzel kicks off the super bowl with amazing national anthem
report: 17 new species of bacteria found every day in world's rainforest cafés
new offshore drilling analysis shows what trump's plan puts at stake
pathetic hands subject to man's every whim
hollywood diet secrets fall into non-celebrity hands
my beautiful reward and the 7 lessons it has taught me
i used an app to buy only ethical food. it was really hard.
how to make a sex playlist that isn't corny as hell, according to djs
god deploys 100,000 more mosquitoes to u.s.
'if only sully had been flying those planes on 9/11,' grade-a idiot remarks
chilling report details myanmar's horrific campaign against rohingya minority
labor secretary horrified to learn some americans working jobs they do not truly enjoy
harvey's 'unprecedented' rainfall and flooding are 'only getting worse'
the gun industry's next big thing is neither big nor new
woman mentions participation in cancer walk to cancer patient
3 proven ways for female entrepreneurs to turn a good idea into a good income
eco-conscious marketing firm developing alternative sources of synergy
all u.s. males renamed dudley
politico europe announces expansion plans for 2016
an open letter to president trump on anti-semitism
spotify hit with $1.6 billion lawsuit from publisher representing tom petty, neil young
3 simple ways to relieve holiday tension with tai chi
boyfriend plans magical evening down to first detail
xavier dolan is on the run in exclusive clip from thriller 'tom at the farm'
little karate figures on top of local dojo's trophies all cowering in fear
concerned parents demand removal of arsenic from periodic table of elements
state dept. asks u.s. citizens in libya what the hell they were doing in libya
why bernie sanders is in deep trouble in south carolina
what actually happens when gay guys see other gay guys and straight people aren't around
john lewis overcome with emotion at a civil rights movement exhibit
what europe can teach us about trump
christopher plummer probably nailing it in 'king lear' somewhere
violent death of human being terrific news for once
roommates still don't know each other well enough to not speak
10 american facts you can use to ruin any july 4 party
merkel condemns 'repulsive' far-right violence in charlottesville
romney to town hall audience: 'i own horses and care for them, and you are all like horses'
plant dead because of you
rhode island votes to move 2008 primary to tomorrow
work life, personal life both spent desperately trying to appeal to women 18 to 34
elaborate sentence construction facilitates omission of word 'boyfriend'
woman stops alleged bank robber by crashing into him
congressional candidate recounts childhood abuse in powerful campaign ad
25-year-old mayor wanted for running her town with whatsapp
george clooney on why he'll never dye his hair
st. peter scrambling to throw few more innocent souls into hell to meet monthly quota
and the city with the least attractive people is...?
report: folks, bette midler is back on broadway and not a minute too soon
saddle up! 'westworld' is renewed for season 2
how 3 badass women stopped an alleged rape attempt
when dad loses it, we all lose it
8 holiday beauty hacks every woman should know
romney frantically figuring out how tax plan could actually work after realizing he might win election
andy samberg impaled jerry from 'parks and recreation' with an emmy
the questions we should be asking ourselves when we make school lunch
nation not sure how many ex-trump staffers it can safely reabsorb
lawsuit accuses glass artist dale chihuly of plagiarizing work
remembering dina
philadelphia goes way overboard on 9/11 security for liberty bell
13 essential questions to ask when hiring a web design company
it not clear if it okay to pass handicapped woman on sidewalk
giving kimye a run for their money ...
rest of kickline out sick
in memory of the ms st. louis
i heard it through the grapevine: motown's prospects are looking up
miami archbishop warns employees: supporting gay marriage could cost you your job
trump lawyers anxious 4,731st shoe will drop
trump's possible pardon of joe arpaio is destructive and unpresidential
who's this little guy?
trump announces plan to replace food stamps with new low-income foraging program
urban planner clearly depressed when she came up with street names
former blackwater guard sentenced to life in prison for baghdad shooting
the portland heroes who stood up to hate
north korea successfully detonates nuclear scientist
tv showdown expected as 'sleepy hollow' debuts tonight against hbo's 'ichabod,' tnt's 'headless horseman,' showtime's 'cloaked rider'
woman says cops 'murdered' brother in tussle after breaking into home without warrant
starr leaves baylor university faculty post after sex assault scandal
somebody give this kid a trophy
environmental ad campaign encourages turning shower off after showering
sean spicer claims white house has been 'consistent' on calling travel ban 'a ban'
deadly flooding in sudan kills at least 76 people
welcome to the age of context-driven sales and marketing
this is what happens when you search 'pumpkin spice' on nordstrom
fourth-grader's world war ii project vastly oversimplifies importance of air combat, uncle reports
lowe's introduces 2-way ladder user can also climb down
overstock.com announces plans to develop original programming
public outraged as price of fast-depleting, non-renewable resource skyrockets
a bollywood sitcom with priyanka chopra is coming to america
groom getting cold feet about bachelor party
'mean girls' and 'spongebob squarepants' lead 2018 tony nominations
u.s. braces for separate floods as joaquin leaves bahamas
un security council blacklists islamist militants in iraq, syria
pit bull had lost all hope when kids found him in the grass
veteran brita filter's tour of duty extended another 3 months
more latinos seek citizenship to vote against trump
pug puppy does the most adorable thing when he spots the camera
man who enjoys thing informed he is wrong
theater community receives death threats following 'julius caesar' controversy
bernie sanders gives some advice to ronda rousey
captivating photos give a glimpse into the lives of military personnel
madonna just held a surprise concert in nyc to support hillary clinton
npr's new format to feature soft-spoken white guys
algerian dies of natural causes
camera falls out of love with melanie griffith
3 things you need to know about gut health
graphic street art of trump shooting schoolchildren sparks outcry
disgusting gyro meat magically turns delicious after midnight
15 times adele made you lol hard
jemele hill honored as nabj's journalist of the year
5 steps to an instant mental break
happy international childfree day! announcing 2014 childfree woman and man of the year
the day she let her son wait in the car
clinton names agriculture secretary: previously unnamed man to be called joseph p. ruckeyser
clinton hitchhikes to st. louis for jazzfest
michael dukakis still drives old tank everywhere
hillary clinton makes her final pitch of the election in north carolina
dad's reindeer drone perfectly tackles son's christmas fears
an lgbt foster youth shares her beautiful christmas wish
nobody touching punch at cia christmas party
nfl players buy xbox for 10-year-old boy wearing colin kaepernick jersey
i'm entering the empty nest stage of purses
being comfortable with fear
biden opts out of putting last few felonies on job application
'baywatch' officially flops as 'pirates' comes in first at the box office
pot products are now so potent they can trigger psychosis
12 indie spots in hong kong
area power walker looks just ridiculous
jay-z gets concert crowd to sing happy birthday to beyoncé
ted cruz is trying and failing to weasel out of his obamacare duplicity
bruce davis eligible for parole for charles manson family murders
bush proud u.s. economic woes can still depress world markets
12 movies for the next 12 months
artist always carries around sketchbook in case he feels like making someone uncomfortable
how this couple lost more than 40 pounds each in five months
trump's big new idea for a veterans hotline was tried already... by trump
skywriter trailed by skyeditor
one pot wonders: 7 delicious dinners without the mess
these roads could recharge your electric car as you drive
compelling photos capture pope francis' visit to cuba
when gender dysphoria compounds body dysmorphia in eating disorder recovery
inaugural parade route for donald trump doesn't violate first amendment, court rules
the funniest tweets from women this week
'their intent is to cause fear': video campaign exposes sexism against women in politics
iraq beheading videos enter summer reruns
stage door: forbidden broadway's gerard alessandrini
area man has asshole, old navy written all over him
auto industry agrees to install brakes in suvs
right next door: matthew mcgorry, actor
will trump fire rosenstein? it may not matter.
russian skater alina zagitova breaks world record set minutes earlier by teammate
baron hill is running for senate. will he run clean?
courageous man overcomes woman's body language to continue hitting on her
don't read lena dunham: it only encourages her
madonna lets the f-bombs fly on live tv in anti-trump speech at women's march
nothing doing down louisiana way, fly-swattin' sources report
man on verge of self-realization instead turns to god
one direction star responds to claims he's homophobic
flag in front of post office can hardly remember a time it wasn't flying half-staff
geniuses made a must-watch 'formation' parody about anti-abortion laws
13 snacks that won't derail your resolutions
evil hong kong kung-fu legions petition for right to attack two at a time
do serving sizes impact how much you eat?
hanes introduces new no-way panties
reflecting on the aids epidemic this gay men's health crisis founders' day
women leaders talk personal: how to be a true philanthropist
'teen mom' star maci bookout gives birth to a baby girl
bush introduces new timmy blanchard left behind act
gop delegate reports violent threats from trump supporters
women in hollywood perfectly okay they not represented behind the scenes of 'the blacklist'
killer mike: 'uterus' comment was taken out of context
the south shall rise again
karzai vows to crack down on self
study finds goosebumps caused by psychotic weirdo masturbating to old photo of you
republicans steel for a loss in trump country special election
puerto rico loses it as monica puig wins island's first-ever olympic gold
10 lessons we learned from diane keaton's new book
earth's successful completion of orbit around sun inspires woman to reflect on eating habits
loft's highly anticipated plus-size line is finally here
belt looks weird on child
hillary clinton continues to distance herself from her husband's crime policies
'12 years a slave,' 'captain phillips,' 'american hustle,' 'wolf of wall street,' 'blue jasmine,' 'dallas buyers club,' 'her,' 'nebraska,' 'before midnight,' and 'philomena' all written during same continuing education screenwriting class
14-word diet stretched to 200 pages
tank rolls by living room window
15,000 years of human artistic endeavor culminate in see spot run
3 things i needed to hear when i weighed 300 pounds
man always attempts to intercept tossed things
'who makes the game?' donald sterling certainly asked the right question
breitbart fires reporter over her islamophobic tweets post-london attack
los angeles mayor pledges $138 million to help the biggest homeless population in the u.s.
iraqi troops retake the town of nimrud, near historic ruins, from isis
desperate mom okays male babysitter
telescope protesters prepare for another police showdown
romney, ryan sneak into dnc while posing as caterers
8 'walking dead' secrets you didn't know, according to a dead man
cherokee nation leader announces 32 red a winner
sound technicians resort to hanging donald sutherland upside down in empty stairwell to get optimal voice-over tone
to raise the voice in view of the massacre in gaza
frederick's of anchorage debuts crotchless long underwear
senior prank somehow leaves high school with increased math funding
the pakistani army's coup against itself
naked leadership
senate votes to add gratuity to all bills of eight provisions or more
ryan zinke and the tale of two fish
fox news anchor stands up for cnn and defines 'fake news'
report: it a miracle nothing has punctured your eye yet
dreamworks skg signs j&h productions to six-year deal
how my daughter taught me that every moment is a gift
the expert opinion on whether you should you sleep in a bra
blake lively brought her family to the met gala without you even noticing
jail deputies arrested for allegedly beating mentally ill inmate to death
study finds 68% of americans unprepared for sudden financial stability
my guilty pleasures: nfl football and world war ii
bush vows to discover, legalize aliens on american, martian soil
area man doesn't look jewish
british singer and tv host cilla black dies at 72
linebacker faces suspension for genocide
dude with knit hat at party calls beer 'libations'
madeleine albright congratulates jen welter on becoming first female nfl coach
j.k. rowling tweets hilarious response to confusing olympic sport
french teacher forces student to inform her of bathroom fire in french
giants fan visiting philadelphia feels betrayed by bud light ad for eagles
fat shaming can literally break your heart
lobbying spending hits historic lows
cambridge analytica founder once compared trump to hitler
the supreme court let a man die. he was executed with the wrong drug.
whole foods recalls maytag blue cheese due to listeria risk
michael jackson hires magical anthropomorphic giraffe as defense lawyer
what aarp wants to hear most from the presidential candidates
widower finds pic of wife in wedding dress he never got to see her wear
alzheimer's journal - come back early today
army veteran faces 120-year sentence for firing 2 shots into air
clinton campaign airlifts 200 crates of volunteers to wisconsin headquarters
a new chapter in u.s.-cuba relations
jared kushner went to iraq and couldn't have looked more out of place
corey hart still performing 'sunglasses at night' somewhere
paul lynde impersonation lost on daughter's friends
mother feels violent desire to make front doorway reflect current season
howard students take over building to protest university embezzlement scandal
bernie sanders wins maine democratic caucus
new york's finest protect new york's richest
smithsonian rejects tie dylan mcdermott wore in 'the practice'
could australia be building another yahoo serious?
man in bar makes general inquiry about the ladies
brexit crisis tops off rough stretch in obama's push for legacy
media suffering through record normal temperatures
cyclone debbie slams into australia, knocking out power to thousands
bully tragically trusted to sign arm cast
report: most americans have enough saved for retirement to live comfortably on streets
working mom wants it all
outside not looking forward to people wanting to walk around in it again this summer
mom and dad, please explain this one to your daughters
grammy and tony award nominated brandon victor dixon is on broadway in motown: the musical
2016 perspectives from the festival of politics
lawrence the t-1 connection guy hit of white-collar comedy tour
blender left on to keep cat company
trevor noah: donald trump is making bank being the president
egyptian death sentence for soccer fans puts president's iron grip to the test
egyptians concerned about direction government is toppling in
woman already off to bad start as mother after requesting epidural
trump ominously tweets 'only one thing will work' with north korea
acclaimed mexican journalist: the drug war is 'completely false'
marine determined to win heart, mind of at least one iraqi
child makes useless gesture to help struggling family
florida newspaper blasts marco rubio: 'you are ripping us off, senator'
gratitude for thank-you note plunges friends into inescapable appreciation spiral
obama to assure nation that isis campaign will be drawn-out ordeal they're used to
still too early to tell if pulling chain turned overhead fan off
thing that got area man a laugh to be done repeatedly for next 12 years
6 reasons this weekend is the best one of the year
two new burger king sandwiches negate each other
rand paul: hillary clinton is a 'war hawk'
same americans who made taylor swift popular polled on constitutionality of health care reform
more than a third of people shot by lapd in 2015 were mentally ill
national archives clearly stored constitution in three-ring binder
man with 20 rifles can't remember if his goal to start or stop violent overthrow of government
l.a. school district reaches $88-million settlement in sex misconduct cases at two campuses
statue of liberty corporation to shut down all but new york flagship statue
lisa frank is now fighting the patriarchy (with rainbow kittens)
why tina fey turned my life as a war reporter into a comedy
your guide to the new fall dramas
authorities investigating suicide determine victim really went for it
joe biden slams donald trump: 'he would have loved stalin'
iran's amazing spider-woman climbs a wall so fast it doesn't look real
school got complaints about teacher even before huffpost revealed her racial bias
spilled milk: dishing daphne
senator struggling to weigh interests of entire constituency against nothing
don't buy donald trump's false narrative: black veterans matter
american sniper screenwriter jason hall on screenwriting, war movies and being nominated for an oscar
brie larson goes full superhero for intense 'captain marvel' workouts
aerial images reveal north korea's secret network of prisons and 're-education' camps
marvel salutes hip-hop with 50 variant covers paying homage to classic albums covers
mosul offensive going faster than planned, iraqi pm says
study: us cities have worse inequality than mexico, with rich and poor living side-by-side
the secret to building a successful business that won't destroy the planet
steven spielberg joins dc universe for 'blackhawk' film
mike pompeo defects to north korea after learning about kim jong-un's torture program
hugging up 76,000 percent
the gop health care bill falls apart ― again ― and no one can agree whose fault it is
trump boys beg father to nominate g.i. joe action figure cobra commander for va secretary
democrats fear that expectations for donald trump are a wee bit too low
save the date: i am now able to marry justin timberlake
tom petty is wrong. religion isn't more likely to lead to war
soldier hoping we invade someplace tropical next
joe biden tells union workers: 'we build labor, we build the middle class'
donald trump was about to make jerry falwell, jr. education secretary. let that sink in.
what will the disruption of politics look like?
techview: linus torvalds, inventor of linux
robin williams still missing after three-day free-association binge
self-conscious flasher fully clothed under trench coat
8-bit versions of famous art and pop icons are all kinds of yes
provence's pont du gard and the greatness of ancient rome
funniest parenting tweets: what moms and dads said on twitter this week
political eye: a comprehensive master plan for addressing racial inequality
'nothing is more attractive than confidence,' says woman who has apparently never seen sonic the hedgehog cosplay
the obscure trade provision everyone is talking about
new co-worker seems like nice enough guy
congress races against time to avoid yet another shutdown
science strikes back: the power of data in the face of "alternative facts"
arrested but innocent? the internet still thinks you're guilty
the biggest lgbt names in media hit new york for one-night-only fete
tollbooth attendant wishes just one high-speed chase would crash through entry bar
free school lunches kept me from starving
nyt: bloomberg planning independent presidential run
the swimsuit guide no woman should have to read
office worker suddenly becomes sentient
party host horrified to discover guests have been drying hands on bath towel this whole time
how the future of work may make many of us happier
ruptured pudding cup at large in area backpack
heroes everywhere are signing a petition to have deadpool host 'snl'
when our tears become medicine
read live updates on the cnn gop debate
television executive's baby cancelled in development stage
keith ellison, first muslim congressman, carries clock in solidarity with ahmed
18-year-old fighting in afghanistan has 9/11 explained to him by older soldier
area woman will eat anything with 'tuscan' in name
16 days of activism: combating the global scourge of child marriage
5 tips to help you deal with an estranged child
mike trout really is the most valuable player in all of baseball
area man does his best thinking on his atv
vending-machine snack fails to deploy
kate hudson's matthew mcconaughey impression is spot on
how democrats can emerge from the "valley of humiliation"
egyptian populace to hopefully get something better than democracy out of all this
trump supporters move to block vote recounts in 3 states
genius woman uses yelp to rate her dates
pregnant kelly rowland glows in form-fitting gown
tom snyder returns to the sea
steve harvey is still milking his miss universe f**kup in t-mobile super bowl commercial
piece of my heart: quick questions with leslie kritzer and teal wicks
new iphone application tracks progress of deceased loved ones' decomposition
the brawny man is the brawny woman for women's history month
huffpost rise: what you need to know on february 8
kids and high sugar die-ts
one of the dea's most wanted drug traffickers pleads to be left in peace
banking saves health care
friend's grandma to give you hug too
that same guy with the glasses at every rock show
an american talks turkey about the 'intolerant' chicken
anne frank center blasts trump's limp anti-semitism response
8 healthy snacks to keep hunger at bay
u.s. loses u.n. membership after embarrassing video of nation surfaces on internet
few animals harmed in making of film
former providence mayor buddy cianci dies at 74
this 23-month-old is probably more stylish than you
man updates little monologue recited when extended relatives ask how he's doing
palestinian refugees: employment is the solution
thing with old girlfriend works with new girlfriend
talented kiddos recreate iconic 'dirty dancing' scene on 'america's got talent'
at&t set to announce directv acquisition sunday
house conservatives claim democrats have failed black communities
postmaster general: 'letter carrier surge is working'
we now know the 4 teams battling for college football's national title
watch a young ryan gosling's mesmerizing dance moves
libyan rebels still working full-time at other jobs
a view to a kill: leopard leaps from tree to attack impala
fat bottom girl
obama downplays fears after supreme court blocks key climate action
5 perfect-for-packing lunch salads
hippie will tell you what the real crime is
it just got easier for detroit students to pay for college
prescription label recommends just taking more and more until something kicks in
cyber monday retailers pull in record 700 terabytes of consumers' personal information
ko'd martial artist is epitome of show-must-go-on in 'got talent'
study: majority of 'calm downs' ineffective
'black-ish' creator: i don't want to see 'forced diversity' in hollywood
daddy hitting mommy with a chair this time
tim kaine clearly tuning out in middle of boring vice presidential acceptance speech
trump campaign manager faces new allegations of pushing, sexually suggestive comments
the challenge of exclusivity
south sudan marks 6 years of independence as 6 million go hungry
pelosi: 'we must fight even harder against trump's authoritarian impulses now that we've voted to enable them'
lone tent a dark harbinger of looming street festival
holiday season perfect for big change in your hair style
trump reportedly offered vice admiral harward national security adviser job
nurse reminds elderly man she's just down the hall if he starts to die
marriage going to be hard to go back to on monday
damon albarn gets carried off stage in denmark after 5-hour set
obama welcomes cleveland cavs and j.r. smith's shirt to white house
innocent man awarded $1 million after spending 31 years in prison
midlife obesity may speed up alzheimer's
can the cops be stopped before they kill again?
watch: what it feels like after you wolf down 69 hot dogs in 10 minutes
behold the majesty of the turkey
a solution to the massively disengaged workforce [slide deck]
sole surviving bridge club member didn't want to win like this
'gobbler games' is the brutal hunger games parody you need to see
russia's power shut off
officemax employee was here when gel pens were big
what happens when parents read their daughters' tinder messages
why the rohingya can't return
area man can tell commercial will be for corona
chance the rapper teams up with naacp for #staywokeandvote campaign
u.s. military: firefight with taliban caused civilian deaths, but troops acted in self-defense
carly rae jepsen redid the 'full house' theme song for netflix reboot
states trying to defund planned parenthood may be breaking federal law
james dyson meets in secret with alien ambassador to receive technology for new hand dryer
leno to tell outrageous o.j. joke
religious scholars discover jesus christ delivered by dr. sidney adler
tai chi, part 1 (video)
man's food poisoning could realistically be traced back to any meal from past week
horatio sanz sweeps latin emmys
study: good porn still hard to find
j.j. abrams is doing something real about #oscarssowhite
area man maps out drinking strategy
parents at graduation celebrate child's last accomplishment
conan o'brien reveals how donald trump coped when twitter went down
jennifer aniston finally reveals hairstyle that repulsed brad pitt
good karma returns for sikh man who removed turban to help injured boy
five stupendous lies told by buglers for military intervention in syria
girlfriend to stay underneath blanket for next 5 months
report: reuben rated top midsize sandwich in its class
man accused of urinating on cop after yelling 'f*** trump'
disgusted tsa agents also calling for end to body scanning, thorough pat-downs
man forgets he has infant strapped to back
in-person visits with jailed parents are a child's right
local senior keeps busy with obituary-clipping hobby
san francisco makes a major statement against north carolina's hateful new law
'black jesus': beneath the drugs and profanity, is there a message of theological reflection?
hillary clinton secures organized labor's prize endorsement
font too small
students march for their lives as trump chills at golf course, largely ignores them
wrapped, labeled christmas presents already stacked in grandmother's spare bedroom
tina fey is worried about what the internet is doing to society
hot new secretary of transportation to 'shake up' u.s. highways
sudden burst of confidence not sure where the hell it came from either
tesla's self-driving feature leaves insurers idling as states scramble
death of mentally ill woman in police custody ruled a homicide
historical archives: to be sold - tri-cornered shoes
sweet briar college and the homogenization of u.s. higher education
the world bank's role in a bloody land war
why democrats would be smart to let donald trump put peter thiel on the supreme court
local oddball expends energy doing things
kid who hugged cop in viral protest photo feared dead in family car plunge
the boehner era may be coming to an end
new video game technology finally allows rendering of smaller breasts
10-pack of swiss miss bracing itself to shoulder burden of holding together man's depressing holiday alone
50 ethical businesses to support on black friday
ftc chief downplays how many students devry allegedly defrauded
you can get trump's voice on your gps now because we're all masochists
syria's bashar assad tops off another year of bloodshed with a holiday photoshoot
in final machiavellian masterstoke, area woman adds 'no gifts, please' to bottom of invitation
tearful mitt romney announces he has rare disease where you can't sit quietly on stool when repeatedly asked to
chelsea clinton: 'my mother will shape this country into a strong, independent young woman'
these photos show the beautiful side of being 'marooned'
meryl streep looks exactly like the 'shrek' fairy godmother at the oscars
stephen colbert is driving bill o'reilly crazy
this high school student is helping her peers embrace their black identity
bigot annoyed local mosque already vandalized before he got there
cow excited to freak the fuck out during solar eclipse
abc reannounces cancellation of 'mr. sunshine' just to destroy matthew perry a little more
nate silver blinded by gods for seeking forbidden knowledge of future
meghan markle confirms her dad won't attend the royal wedding
gop heads to south carolina, where the dirty tricks are about to start
chita rivera promises 'strength,' style and surprises at carnegie hall
papal infallibility invoked to allow scrabble word
hamas calls for new palestinian uprising against israel after trump's jerusalem move
here's how long muslims fast around the world
this grrrl power video game is everything that's right about the '90s
pristine shipment of fish product contaminated by filthy u.s. inspectors
sports section tragically missing
'twin peaks' finally resolves that terrifying cliffhanger
box of old playboys found, good ones too
area man finally finds bodymate
black freshmen at university of pennsylvania receive racist messages depicting lynchings
millions of human beings experiencing actual emotions about j.j. abrams directing 'star wars'
friday's morning email: hope is fading in puerto rico over the government response
sen. kamala harris' guide to protesting the health care bill
where did my super cape go?
what mount greenwood's reaction to joshua beal's death says about white chicago
blood runs down house of representatives walls as chamber itself selects new speaker
alice waters: 'we are digesting values' when we eat
missing white girl drives missing black girl from headlines
should we pay the staggering economic and human costs of nuclear weapons?
hiring your first employee - what you don't know can hurt your business
democrats demand kris kobach resign from trump voter fraud probe
lessons from kodak
here are the best pundit reactions to the second gop debate
call the united incident what it is: police violence
self-described avid reader halfway through dragonriders of pern for sixth time
innocent man unrepentant
bill maher blasts spoiled rich kids during 'new rules'
the hollow republican promises to 'read the bill'
childhood friend stops writing after two e-mails
donald trump concedes he's 'not at all presidential' as he slams michael moore play
shoddy chinese-made stock market collapses
texas sheriff cracks down on chicken-on-chicken violence
9,000 animals rescued from 'worst torture operation' in the u.s.
connecticut man visited by being from another time zone
thousands of cheering americans packed into park for ted cruz concession speech
this is why i prefer the bodies of older women
5 years after miller v. alabama, looking to the states for justice
google doodle celebrates planetary discovery in the most adorable way
man's unexpected reaction to teen who held him up at knifepoint retold in powerful video
trump's top economic adviser says amazon threats are 'not in my lane'
brazil cities paralyzed by nationwide strike against austerity
in less than a year, trump has stripped back workers' ability to unionize
kim cattrall's missing brother found dead at his home
met janitors hurrying to remove crucified katy perry from museum lobby
trump's war in yemen is a gift for al qaeda
this girl dressed up as michelle obama for school, and michelle loved it
ex-wife of former cowboys player claims team knew of domestic abuse
climate change: 2014 hottest yet, oceans threatened, solar trees, and more!
dog or lena dunham?
treasury department releases new 'monsters of the silver screen' $20 bill
hilary duff's number-one fan tasered
bill cosby feeling better about retrial now that climate around sexual assault has cooled down
kim jong-un, justin timberlake meet to pick new pope, according to shameless attempt to increase web traffic
what it's like to lose a patient to suicide as a mental health professional
marvel won't make a female thor movie 'any time soon'
pectoral muscles targeted by fitness fundamentalists
kevin bacon will come after you if you talk or text during a movie
extra, extra! how to get your face on screen
prima donna species just has to have every part of natural habitat intact
prince harry engaged to woman who will never love him the way 29-year-old idahoan graphic designer jennie hoffman does
tweeters freak out over donald trump's appointment of 'warmonger' john bolton
bernie sanders asks trump's education nominee if she's only getting the job because she's a billionaire
her heart remembers: the break
helen mirren paid tribute to prince with a purple dress and a fake tattoo
football fan disappointed by 'super tuesday'
daytime-talk-show mixup leads to 1,000-pound- man makeover
middle-aged woman believes in fourth marriage, angels
millions participate in cuban version of survivor
banana republic announces opening of new stores where buying pants will not be totally humiliating experience
a simple experiment in empathy
sean hannity unable to stop smiling while talking about shooting death of black teen
valiant fact-checkers once again save american political system from descending into corruption
our nation's businessmen: are they just in it for the money?
arizona high schools to now teach spanish entirely in english
trevor noah mocks republican conspiracy theories on russian probe
israel adds palestinian teen to terror victim memorial, sparking praise and protest
charlotte police killing leaves city on edge
pastor always knew agnostic would come crawling back to church for wedding
paula cole reveals the secret (and dark) history of the 'dawson's creek' theme song
guys' weekend getaway begins with daring purchase of new kind of beer
what to give your very good dog this holiday season
royal baby eats first meal
much-criticized media vows to return to softball tactics
chinese reporter rolled her eyes on state television, and social media users can't deal
nra lobby warns congress not to try anything stupid
if the presidential election were held tomorrow, i'd shoot myself
federal judge rules fair housing law protects colorado lgbt couple
trump surrogate shot down while trying to spin on sexual assault claims
southwest airlines flight diverted due to cracked window
boehner opens another heap of letters from constituents asking to give corporations more tax breaks
brewers stay after game to run the bases
trump's problems aren't going away: despite conflicting testimony, americans will believe comey has told the truth
people are imagining what it would take for 2016 to redeem itself
drone that destroyed wrong target casually flying away like nothing even happened
20-something thinking about maybe doing something funny with his facial hair
the kansas city royals love 'trap queen' more than you
the middle east after isis
steve vai impresses the hell out of neighborhood kids
you won't believe where this key got stuck
hush falls over prison population as madoff stabs cellmate in throat
this 4-year-old adores chris pratt so much, she totes around a cutout of him
dubious inclusions damage credibility of entire record collection
'draft biden' effort debuts its first tv ad
harvey weinstein and the danger of performative 'wokeness'
20 indoor wall planters to take your houseplants to new heights
black and decker introduces new 72-inch tree whacker
ex-prosecutor accused of wiretapping married cop she wanted to romance
human skeletons found under nyc's washington square park
ivanka on roy moore: 'there's a special place in hell' for child abusers
mozambique devises national plan to end child marriage
party guest hoping birthday card with shirtless hunk taken in playful spirit with which it was intended
huffpost headline quiz: april 7 to april 13
annoying ad turns man pro-whaling
how bet's 'rebel' is reshaping the narrative for black women in hollywood
uneventful past finally catches up to boring man
al kozlewski pulls a kozlewski
dennis hastert argues humiliation over sexual abuse allegations is punishment enough
'elle' magazine accidentally airbrushes naomi watts out of cover altogether
obama: opinions of 'some adviser' are no reflection of affordable care act
rosamund pike is ravishing in red
single most replaceable person in company will walk if he doesn't get raise
eric trump poses with carcass of safari guide shot on african hunting trip
mysterious man in parking lot threatens to harm rudy giuliani if he ever blabs about trump's legal payments again
entire nation pitches in to save yosemite
draftkings and fanduel skip out on congressional hearing into daily fantasy sports
german luftwaffle chain offers waffles, overwhelming air superiority
co-worker's drawer filled with toffee
these incredible 3d models of star wars land are our only hope
street musician's mother really on his case about practicing his buckets
'flatbread means pizza,' man explains to visiting father
u.n. aid workers distributing food to malnourished kfc customers
fat kid just wants to watch you guys play
here's what reagan and bush had to say about immigration
lady gaga stuns in rocker crop top
the nra museum showcases guns from the same hollywood it says is 'glorifying' violence
great science fiction isn't just about facts. it's about imagination.
'it's like biggie and tupac all over again,' says dumbass of korean conflict
this democratic congressman is adopting obama's overtime rules
does being neurotic really make you more creative?
radio host pranks the $%#& out of co-host
reporter resigns after gop campaign allegedly tried to block damaging story
republicans vow not to repeal obamacare without detailed plan for disposing of patients' disease-ridden corpses
12 times anna kendrick said exactly what you were thinking
for novelists, success is not monetary
whoa, vacuum got something pretty big under couch
pence tells emotional story of longtime friend who was aborted after second trimester
gentrification rolls on in dallas, but will it grow up?
slight inconsistency found in bible
defiant milosevic eats big, sloppy sandwich during trial
superstitious man puts bag of trash outside house every thursday
lin-manuel miranda to trump: 'you're going straight to hell' for blasting san juan mayor
13 powerful essays from progressive people of faith in 2016
fda okays every drug pending approval, takes rest of year off
massive document leak reveals offshore wealth of putin and his allies
rape victims in u.s. made to pay part of the medical bill
utah adopts nation's strictest drunk driving law
oval office press chaos: 'you guys are getting worse,' says trump
dysfunctional singles find each other
this is what divorce at 41 is really like
this is what super mario looks like without hair, and people are freaked out
el evo ya no es pueblo
is america now a debtor nation?
body found near where kayaker went missing
dancing machine overheats
curvy model who's had a 'roller coaster relationship' with her belly rolls now embraces them in the punniest way
little piggy dancing to rihanna's 'work' will make your day
prescription bottle recommends taking 10 tablets if you really want to fly
gop congresswoman calls on rep. blake farenthold to resign
detective not sure he was close enough to partner to endlessly pursue killer
'one day at a time' actor pat harrington jr. dead at 86
leaked 'the last jedi' footage reveals chewbacca balding since 'the force awakens'
study finds owning cool leather jacket more rewarding than raising children
this election isn't about politics. it's about how america sees women.
poll worker injured by trump sign booby-trapped with razor blades
jerry brown: 'troglodyte' trump supporters 'dwell in deep, dark caves'
earth day is nearly here, but our planet is worth caring about every day
report: 42% of relationships begin with leaning over apartment balcony to see beautiful new neighbor watering zinnias below
rubio has a rocky road ahead
netflix, disney and school choice
former adviser says rick perry's campaign in new hampshire has folded
sxsw as cool and as real as it gets, reports marketing associate
the president of israel reaches out to palestinian arabs of israeli citizenship
california lawmakers approve gas tax to pay for $52 billion infrastructure plan
woman constantly treating herself for once
burger king's 'who is the king?' vote reportedly angers belgian royal
here's what cops and their supporters are saying about the sandra bland arrest video
'i'm trump all the way,' says man who will die from mishandling fireworks months before election
quest for affordable housing drives people away from the coasts
onion twitter password changed to onionman77
'insane' as today's u.s.-russia situation may be, trump and putin don't matter to fx's 'the americans'
area man already knows which chicken tender he's saving for last
elder abuse growing into a national crisis
clinton campaign hits trump for seeing brexit as boon to his business
sleeping middle-aged businessman in airport suddenly so childlike, so vulnerable
hank williams jr. honored by institute for football preparedness
this veteran's story shows the healing power of having a service dog
when autocorrect and sexting collide
sleepover guests can only wonder what mysterious delights lie tucked inside off-limits room
fiona apple sends a big 'f**k you' to trump at standing rock benefit concert
why jillian michaels is reclaiming 'fag' and 'dyke'
theater goes nuts as hillary clinton appears in the audience
a blue fuzzy fighter stole the spotlight before mayweather-mcgregor fight
disney's 'toy tales' hits theaters friday
isn't she going to miss a father?
area woman prefers to get same advice from as many people as possible
iran's startups promise paradise for the country's unemployed youth
pope loses keys to vatican city
nasa says presence of diving board on mars confirms planet may have once contained water
death to shoppers? al-shabaab and the fracturing of international jihadism
time magazine just six months from big cocktail-nation-craze story
woman barely jogging
scientists find link between how pathetic you are, how fast you respond to emails
an open letter to white supremacists from former owner of biggest racist record label
oklahoma run 'n' gun biathlon use rainbow flag target to promote event
calle 13 explores the power of a kiss
german fairy tale ends predictably
trump's whole approach to health care boiled down to one tweet
rise of walking for fun & fitness as a social trend
why father's day is so difficult for me
taiwan navy fires missile in error as china's communists mark birthday
staff members under new defense secretary wondering if they still get summers off
trump's budget would be devastating to poor victims of domestic abuse
banksy returns to new york city with one of his trademark rats
10 places to have a 'frozen' vacation
mysterious 'fireball' was actually russian spy satellite, experts say
kansas city royals grab 2-0 lead in 2015 world series
lethal injection least effective drugs man took while in prison
top 15 travel spots for 2015
'whiteness history month' stirs up controversy at oregon college
iconic '90s band helped this couple open up about their sexuality
man cruises by william h. macy's website to check out the latest news
how to future proof your workplace
with kids, little things are magic
is data hoarding necessary for lawful surveillance?
man removing sweatshirt offers coworkers tantalizing glimpse of bare midriff
altruism mocked
background checks for gun sales hit record high on black friday
terrified dolphin throws himself at man's feet to escape hunters
last living tamagotchi dies in captivity
seth meyers calls out al franken for 'horrifying' groping photo
chita rivera to young performers: learn how to sing and dance
local welder suffering from welder's block
10 reasons you should never step foot in a shopping mall
informal tone of cover letter sets job applicant apart from seriously considered candidates
you can now drink girl scout cookies
horrible boogie boarding accident leaves man totally bummed below the neck
busy schedule forces vladimir putin to move up election win a couple days early
bernice king says trump's racist comments are 'troubling to our humanity'
miley cyrus under fire in the uk for 'sexually suggestive' mac ad
the real reason trump can't break the gop
advice for the man who asks me to marry him
we aren't doing enough to help syrian refugees, but how much more can we do?
tom hanks reveals the origin of his famous 'forrest gump' accent
er doctor excitedly tells wife he got to use shock paddle thing today
kellyanne conway won't say whether she will report to john kelly
supreme court weighs if friendly tips worth millions constitute insider trading
reeva steenkamp can 'rest in peace' after oscar pistorius' sentence doubled, her family says
how boredom can lead to failure
we're sugar babies. this is what it's like.
warranty outlasts company
ariana grande, demi lovato, and selena gomez have a twitter love fest
even small changes in global temperatures can have disastrous consequences for birds
'spinal tap' spoof of donald trump's abc interview turns it up to 11
study finds man starting 'analyze this' during flight to boston currently happiest person in america
how mitt romney tops sarah palin
previewing 'hidden figures' with the teary-eyed octavia spencer, taraji p. henson and janelle monáe
library of congress adds 3 titles to list of films that should be destroyed forever
2018 is already off to a violent start
exxonmobil swears it's going to start taxes early this year
yellow cross receives record 10,000 liters of urine donations
margaret atwood: 'the handmaids are supposed to be aliens'
james corden sends 297 copies of 'philadelphia' to donald trump
catching up on 2 seasons of 'house of cards' depressingly manageable
more than meets the eye with tony awards frontrunner christopher jackson of 'hamilton'
area man knows exactly which relatives would be problem if he ever came into money
bob iger offers rupert murdoch one night with mickey mouse in exchange for 21st century fox
rob porter apologizes for falsifying number of wives he beat on white house resume
roommate not seen for, like, five days
safety-conscious senior locks screen door
'when i'm acquitted, i'll murder those interviewers,' robert durst mutters while still wearing microphone
eric trump: my dad isn't racist because he only 'sees 1 color, green'
colleges begin establishing exchange programs in cuba
scott baio wants donald trump to 'relentlessly attack' hillary clinton
'be aware' is the anthem for self-serving millenial activism
report: no way this year's summer strawberries living up to hype
join huffpost as we break down the gop debate
spelling error leads to elaborate cover-up doodle
what it's like to be a muslim woman in hijab teaching in the trump era
man says he lived in his car for days to get away from 'nagging' wife
ariana grande spills deets on album release on 'tonight show'
serena williams: 'doctors aren't listening' so black women are dying
unpopped kernels costing u.s. billions
looking for mr. right? this is why you should stop
you can't study college coaches without looking at the players
conan makes dog audiobook service look as silly as it sounds
nasim nasr's zaeefeh (the wretchedness) and shadi (happiness), gagprojects adelaide/berlin at the 2015 art dubai
lululemon executives furious after focus group leaves product testing with self-esteem intact
man worried harassing messages he sending on dating app getting lost among abuse from other guys
britain plummets to lowest value in world since 1580s
7 drawings that prove beauty is everywhere
the bonus marchers anniversary and veterans in america
the nfl should provide an exemption for medical marijuana
why this healing expert doesn't believe in 'closure'
this is the consequence of overinflated footballs, tom brady
ailey dancers and the kids with disabilities: "if a finger can move, they're a part of it"
another entry in the files of 'jennifer lopez is better at dubsmash than you'
if you don't vote, you get what you deserve
the old lady and the sea
popular new exercise app just tells users they ran 5 miles a day no matter what
newly discovered recordings reveal beatles actually terrible group
explosive report says usa swimming covered up hundreds of sexual abuse cases
old el paso introduces emergency taco kit
what we found at 'the end of the tour'
15 popular travel destinations you should avoid in the summer
doomsday clock pushed to one minute to midnight after arby's threatens launch of 3-cheese jalapeño beef 'n bacon melt
goose suddenly realizes it doesn't have to honk like an idiot entire time it's flapping wings
tearful biden carefully takes down blacklight poster of topless barbarian chick from office wall
the top 10 wedding toast faux pas
wednesday's morning email: what the georgia special election results mean for the gop
area man's favorite things all types of meat
police sketch artist admits to only drawing people who have wronged him personally
senior center restocks on rum raisin ice cream
mayonnaise, black forest ham to share top billing in upcoming sandwich
home invasion prompts neighbors to invest in security
watch this 11-year-old latino muslim stand up to trump's hateful rhetoric
soybean pissed after learning trade war means trip to china canceled
11 of the best doughnut recipes you've ever seen
kentucky's gop bromance deepens, even without true love
rudy giuliani suddenly realizes he's been grinning during entire 9/11 ceremony
mother given gift basket of soaps, bubble bath hopefully takes hint that she smells like shit
elizabeth warren's pick wins ohio's democratic gubernatorial primary
dwarf actor assured guest spot on 'how i met your mother' will not be demeaning
crunch 'n' munch increases crunchiness, munchability
white house publishes contact information of people who wrote to it concerned about privacy
man spends entire marketing meeting nodding
get ready to capture pokémon in the real world with your smartphone
aarp calls for 'comfier booths' at denny's
christian science pharmacist refuses to fill any prescription
video shows officers pepper-spraying restrained man who says he can't breathe
carly fiorina promises to fight for whoever everyday americans are
god gets celtic cross tattooed on back
diy holiday gift bag
political pundits surprisingly good at getting inside mentally unbalanced shooter's head
california mayor sleeps in cardboard box for night to 'experience' homelessness
stephen hawking warns about dangers of ai as motorized wheelchair drives toward lake
is it o.k. to take a gender-non-conforming child to north carolina?
tourists not leaving landmark until all permutations of groups and cameras exhausted
this organic skyscraper is designed to literally grow as its residents recycle
president trump's loose lips could end his presidency
the anti-gay right can't run forever from its history of bigotry
'let's all say what we're grateful for,' says mother who apparently believes she's in a norman fucking rockwell painting
is art feminine?
study: u.s. best place for women to buy jeans
trump defends gina haspel, his nominee for cia director, and her record of torture
teacher already accused of sex assault re-arrested
why i didn't run from my rapist, why i couldn't
8 clever packed lunch hacks we stole from kids
'guardians of the galaxy' hits a milestone at the box office
dad asks famous people to tweet his bullied son a happy birthday, and they deliver
'bang, bang,' bored white house sniper whispers to self with random tourist's head in crosshairs
mom packs encouraging note in own lunch
a lesson america can teach
how secretary tillerson can right the state department
call off the search, the cutest donuts in the world have been found
obama could act on iran deal without congressional approval
elect to watch all 13 of stephen curry's record-breaking 3-pointers
we've long excused the sexually abusive behavior of older men. not anymore.
local grandmother beginning to realize family never even looked for better nursing home
stunned nation mourns as french stewart survives plane crash
rihanna throws support behind hillary clinton with perfect throwback tee
bartender refuses to acknowledge patron's regular status
'toni braxton: unbreak my heart' is lifetime's most watched movie in a year
cocky attempt to operate atm in spanish backfires
executive on hot streak with 2 straight logical decisions
sunday roundup
shocking 'game of thrones' finale concludes with arrest of 5 million viewers for piracy
why runners can't stop talking about themselves
overweight woman encased in geo metro
maintaining world class integrity in a nonprofit boardroom: guides for action
terrifying uniformed bachelorette party storms local bar
this was the 2014 met gala on twitter
subpoenaed trump organization financial documents reveal company's only holding is single dairy queen in new jersey
as global policy moves to expand digital rights, u.s faces crucial fight over equal access to the internet
the intrinsic value of liberal education
why mothers are so special
study finds americans do most financial planning when figuring out how to get money's worth at buffet
overuse of enzyme-based cleaners may be causing highly resistant superstains
whooshsnaps.biz committed to protecting users' personal information
gunman kills zero at kansas city area mall
firefighters battle massive wildfires, smoky conditions in washington
david letterman would like to depose donald trump and 'put him in a home'
10 things i learned as a new adjunct teacher
'time for japan to get more involved in the middle east,' says mp taro kono
giant murals disappear with the tides because nothing lasts forever
meet the guinness world record holder for darth vader memorabilia
utah physician says she'll happily do the job jason chaffetz won't
usa original movie not that original
literally everyone should stock up on these 9 useful prime day discounts
here's a brilliant way to talk to kids about race and privilege
romney rolls sleeves all the way up over his head
planned parenthood apologizes for statements in undercover video
top 5 reasons to drop your ex this break up season
all the harry potter makeup you need to look as good as hermione
sick dog who was to be euthanized gets diagnosed just in time
team obama's last gasp for middle east peace explained
gina rodriguez responds to golden globes' america ferrera mix-up
a healer is discovered: galen comes home
bags under tommy lee jones' eyes causing him neck problems
town still can't think of name for largest, most used street
office disgusted by two coworkers getting all chummy with each other
here's where you can find paradise in italy
area sorority girl concerned about war and stuff
how smartphones damage our skin, according to dermatologists
teen rebel refusing to purchase yearbook
rick steves cleaned out by gypsies
if you feel too stressed to have sex, from dr. gail saltz (video)
jon huntsman accepts post as ambassador to russia
eric trump scolds father that he mustn't inquire about the businesses, for he's sworn not to tell
nra calls for teachers to keep loaded gun pointed at class for entire school day
'these last two are gonna be real turds,' george r.r. martin assures fans
dietary supplements send thousands to the er each year
poll finds little opposition to confirming neil gorsuch
kofi annan places 4,000-pound wreath on mass grave
the truth about politics: mo' money, mo' problems
firefighters save baby hamsters with teeny 'oxygen masks'
tupac's high school love letter is being sold for $35,000
these timelapses of america's fastest-growing cities will make your jaw drop
medicare for all is coming, no matter what they say
volkswagen's diesel settlement will fund range of clean air efforts
u.s. figure skater nathan chen redeems himself with record-setting skate
how to save money fast: 10 habits that can fund your dreams
senator forms subcommittee for the watching of lost
bizarre sci-fi novel posits world where natives inhabited america before europeans
dog costumed to create illusion of sports-team preference
here's why the college admissions process is bonkers
johnsville, il, renamed walmart #11717
megan fox is white hot on the red carpet
sasha obama asks father why he was acting like such a pussy during debate
police department deploys fancyclothes cop
can california assemblyman/surfer travis allen ride a wave of voter discontent into the governor's office?
how the pentagon misled congress to stop a law intended to help rape victims
report: well, here we go
exxon donates $70 million to clean up portland man's life
surgeon general mills recommends three to five servings of froot per day
how do fighter pilots earn their nicknames and call signs?
the rnc asked tweeters to take a donald trump approval poll. they did so with glee.
trump woos kids with helicopter rides at iowa state fair
number of sanctuary congregations doubles since trump's election
texas governor legalizes previously banned wrestling move
10 habits that make you look older
romney requiring potential running mates to write 5,000 word essay on favorite things about money
bush's eyelid accidentally nailed to wall
sudanese youths go wild for great taste of any food whatsoever
impersonal trainer couldn't give a fuck what you do with those free weights
state rep. claims god is talking to him
conservation group condemns waterboarding as wasteful
tourist realizes it's all just a lie set in place for him
people's opinions on voter id laws can be racialized thanks to one image
gym teacher still remembers names of every former pantywaist
trash reading
anti-defamation league will use donald trump's donations to fund anti-bullying programs
love your skin in your 50s and beyond
nation's tall asked to stand in back
a true-life love story: what my grandparents taught me about devotion
std had awesome time on spring break
'new york times' vr program takes user inside immersive, 3d world of paul krugman
high school breathes sigh of relief as difficult teacher ages out of education system
addressing sexual assault in college sports is not a 'distraction'
tony award disappoints parents even more
donald trump is beating the drum of war
melania trump looks down on husband from gallery with loving grimace
kuwait deploys troop
james fenimore cooper, famed american novelist, dies at 224
syria: refugee communities and redrawing the map of the middle east
leonardo dicaprio hangs with elephant posse to help save endangered species
why everybody loves seniors on airbnb
wayne lapierre accidentally blows hand off during cpac speech
to avoid disaster in syria, the u.s. should learn from iraq
chinese scientists successfully clone 2 monkeys, could lead to human applications
nbc on olympics coverage: 'sorry we didn't alter the laws of space and time to accommodate people's schedules'
some lgbt-friendly businesses stayed silent on houston equal rights ordinance
afghan president ashraf ghani offers to recognize taliban as legitimate political group
hard times and harder choices
truck dumps its enormous milk load all over the road
the new iphone led twitter to think of #iphonefeatures4politicians
mit think-tank develops 20 great gift ideas
lester holt fills in for brian williams during family's nightly dinner
can we bring a glimmer of hope to syrians?
obama vetoes republican attempt to repeal parts of affordable care act
deputies fatally shoot 6-year-old in his home while firing at suspect
nation's sane people to nation's insane people: 'please stop shooting us'
couple takes first steps toward divorce
exercise in your teen years pays off, according to new study
warden figures week in solitary ought to teach inmate not to be schizophrenic
colorado wildfire spreads to moon
mcdonald's introduces new 6-piece chicken ncnoltes
7-year-old apparently under impression everyone knows who the fuck aunt dee-dee is
rick santorum blames absent dads and broken homes for mass shooters
ron paul blames florida loss on expensive advertising costs of poster board, markers
department of transportation introduces padded bumper lane for intoxicated drivers
mysterious benefactor leaves coupon book to dozens of local establishments in man's mailbox
woman reportedly dies after live bee sting acupuncture
why i chose an african publisher over a western one
the mind of the mass murderer
100-year-old makes a dash to break guinness' 100-meter record
tide of war turns after rumsfeld's inspiring barracks pep talk
jeb bush's children vehemently deny having ever loved father
man holding giant turkey leg never been more captivating in entire life
increased violence leads state department to issue advisory for americans traveling to 1861
hillary clinton sets personal single rep squat record while watching bernie sanders on gym tv
these twins' daily halloween costumes are beyond adorable
scalia recuses self from capital murder case, citing double homicide he committed in '80s
high school production of our town features line memorization
photo of crying father a lasting symbol of economic struggle if there ever was one
climate change haunts this year's pumpkin crop
tan asshole still on island time
skilled sotheby's auctioneer accidentally sells self at auction for $2.5 million
bush not heard from for over a month
grandmother, 60, wins key fight in bid to birth her own grandbaby
israel vows to use veto power if chuck hagel confirmed as u.s. secretary of defense
meet charth vader,the 7-year-old 'villain' who will melt your cold and icy heart
sport and society for arete - rio 2016
fox news covers spring break pretty well
celebrating my independence from drug addiction
u.s. invades non-oil-rich nation to dispel criticism
3 missing in colorado mudslide
new historical drama just 90 minutes of woman holding up petticoats while running through open field
anti-homosexuality sermon suspiciously well-informed
you won't even miss the meat with these delicious vegetarian sandwiches
more cities providing bins for materials that look recyclable
the pope and the politics of hope
coworker's girlfriend not as pretty as expected
how fake meat may change our future thanksgiving dinners
has the eu really solved its refugee crisis?
did climate change spawn all these hurricanes? here's why it's hard to say.
aides gently tell trump he can't bring all his gold lion statues on airplane
mom's head rotates demonically after passing sign for antique wicker furniture
old photographs reveal grandmother never that attractive
friend from college wasted no time becoming white-collar professional
pete townshend can't explain
'black panther' hits $1 billion mark in worldwide box office numbers
obama waiting for perfect moment to walk by white house tour group
americans need to know trump's endgame for syria, duckworth tells constituents
what the inauguration and women's march looked like from a kid's perspective
new toothbrush slightly different from already existing, perfectly good toothbrushes
navy frogmen recover clinton's head
lawn mower injured in rand paul attack returns to work
lonesome alito declares marriage only between a man and the sea
how to give yourself a pep talk in 3 easy steps
taco bell unveils new taco with shell made from doritos bags
census bureau: 9,000 to 15,000 people work at census bureau
jimmy fallon's #myroommateisweird tweets sum up all your roomie nightmares
new study finds most of earth's oxygen used for complaining
demi lovato and wilmer valderrama decide to give their hearts a break
5 things i miss most about marriage but never want again
why these muslim kids are scared of a donald trump presidency
wax-museum fire results in hundreds of new danny devito statues
rachel maddow stands by her trump tax reporting
virginia is on the verge of giving health coverage to 400,000, but there's a catch
10 ways ridiculously successful people think differently
nba players to start paying for retired players' health insurance
can research identify a school that's working?
caitlyn jenner calls out jimmy kimmel for jokes about her transition
internet not quite done milking cory monteith's death for all it worth
chris pratt's son is totally trolling him
get stressed. eat. repeat. how we can break stress eating habits simply by paying attention.
new super-fast transport system powered by passengers' screams
death row inmate saving some of last meal for between execution attempts
the groundbreaking queer comedy series 'take my wife' is back
nobody at capital one can remember why it put vikings in its ads
everything you need to know about mike kelley
this election decides our future for a generation
protesters march in wisconsin after unarmed black man shot dead by police
résumé accidentally kept on file
virginia alcohol agents involved in bloody arrest return to duty
judge schedules hearing in reopened 'serial' case
1998 powerball winner returns to food-service job
new triple-x dinosaur park opens in nevada
'this was the xfl': examining television's greatest sports flop ever
parole board swayed by reverse psychology
church member not the same since unsuccessful choir tryout
lakers fan is like 'screw this' and puts on a warriors jersey mid-game
fcc sniper takes out matthew mcconaughey to prevent live broadcast of profanity
7-year-old asshole demands you king him
parent takes out $100 bill in front of wide-eyed 7-year-old
the 17 best public colleges in the country
what it's like to date an older man at 17, then marry him
limbo for michael slager, ex-cop filmed shooting walter scott in the back
surviving and thriving through adversity: a transgender bathroom and hiv love story
india's cabinet members lose handily
how cake became the favorite mode for debate over lgbt rights, other issues
ice cream man hopes scott joplin is in hell
report: average american loses $5,000 each year from splitting check
old man's son also old man
6 things to look for in your next home
jury finds ex-cop guilty of child molestation, he drinks poison
stupid thing won't work
seaworld to discontinue great white shark ride
this is how to afford living abroad
federal government adds 600,000 acres to national forbidden zone
hbo announces 'game of thrones' not coming back this weekend
10 motivational phrases to tell yourself today
wonder woman save us all
report: last time anyone actually rose to the occasion was 2002
entire facebook staff laughs as man tightens privacy settings
reinventing win-win-win business relationships
conscious politics: hillary at the helm
fire island is oasis for queer creatives
10 habits of people in the most toxic relationships
watch britney spears dance in a bikini 'til the world ends
area man has sex with man to get out of office blood drive
man use big word
newly-discovered smallpox vials more dangerous than thought
north korea fires multiple missiles, south korean military says
man with dream to open liquor store achieves dream
5-million-car pileup kills dallas-fort worth
how those anti-muslim videos probably got into trump's twitter feed
bush unveils new blind-faith-based initiatives
three arrested with cache of weapons, some loaded, near holland tunnel
that same guy with the glasses at every rock show
even conservatives now admit the u.s. needs paid family leave
aaron rodgers finally breaks his silence on 'bachelorette' brother
how paul ryan won over every house republican (except for one)
al gore criticizes obama over arctic drilling
in european elections, populism is against people's interests
alaska senate candidate joe miller says abortion is bankrupting social security
u.s. hunger for fish byproducts not as strong as first imagined
woman on first date feels like she could spend whole life in uncomfortable silence with this man
hair salon acquires rare nagel print
south carolina gov. nikki haley to endorse marco rubio
chemicals that pushed man's ancestors to run down wild boar flare at sight of white cheddar popcorn bag
your high school boyfriend still smoking cigarettes in the field behind school
ferguson protesters chain mall doors shut in seattle: cops
america, china trying to spice up trade relationship by bringing third country into negotiations
words of wisdom gained from watching the comey hearing
upper-middle-class woman worries there's better coffee she doesn't know about
25-year-old moving into comfortable, rent-free arrangement in parents' home worried he's hit rock bottom
guns and georgia
white house finally reveals whether donald trump has confidence in jeff sessions
weird coworker apparently likes walking two miles to work every day
first trailer to lee daniels' new fox series, 'star'
henry rollins laboriously explains why buying organic is punk rock
former senator to run pot company
pipeline company rushes to contain oil spill to small section of media
the real reason your hands are always cold
ios 9.3 link glitch is ruining some iphones
disney releases first image of 'star wars: rogue one' cast
gabrielle union on the #metoo movement: 'the floodgates have opened for white women'
10 worst provisions in the republican appropriations bill
post-retirement work may not save your golden years
on memorial day, a look inside the lives of u.s. service members in afghanistan
dubai unveils plans for marsa al arab, a $1.7 billion island resort
facebook expands its legal team
our homes, ourselves and creating the perfect stress-free environment
hotshot product talking big game about being good for consumer
mccain silences critics with perfectly executed cartwheel
obama administration approves plan to make prison phone calls more affordable
advice for the broken-hearted
secretary of state fired after inappropriately weighing in on international politics
#youlookdisgusting blogger em ford responds to internet haters: 'perfection isn't real'
is osha protecting at-risk workers under a trump administration?
black teens affected by gun violence speak out ahead of march for our lives
group of fifth-grade boys discover pile of naked ladies discarded in woods
the best places to be in march
adam levine's house in new york city is even hotter than he is
hmo targets blacks with 'rapping good' health campaign
russia and syrian rebels doubt ceasefire will last
closing of state aviary facilities puts hundreds of mentally ill birds on the streets
coalition of buzzed cousins issues annual greatest nation on earth rankings
nick tilsen is building a $60 million sustainable community on the pine ridge indian reservation
the bus that did not stop for us: a mother's take on the headscarf court ruling
woman devises latest delusional scheme for burning extra calories during workday
poll finds only 83% of new yorkers visit statue of liberty every day
how pets can help prevent suicide #nspw2017
new poll finds 80% of americans would just fucking destroy pan of brownies
fan-favorite first season of bush administration released on dvd
consumers now required to seek treasury department approval on all purchases over $50
ryan coogler would love to see a women of wakanda spinoff
justin timberlake wants his son to be inspired by charlottesville's strength
what's next for uber?
report: mom sending you something
democrats' surrender on torture is nearly complete
junior building inspector closes down tree house
hillary stays quiet on critical issues, just like in 2008
romney takes in more money than obama for 612th consecutive month
gold bracelet picked up at pharmacy
former google engineer james damore takes refuge among the alt-right
11 must-haves for your dog's first aid kit
nation abuzz over c-span original movie
mccain blasts obama as out of touch in burma-shave-style billboard campaign
local building accessible to only the strongest of the handicapped
cocaine dealer most upstanding guy wall street broker knows
aircraft laser strikes soar to all-time high
ellen responds to las vegas massacre in most beautiful (and most ellen) way possible
gluten-free mania -- if you're following the fad, you're a marketer's dream and part of the confusion
what to watch on hulu that's new this week
area man just in bad mood because he's tired and an awful human being
'walking dead' actor daniel newman comes out on youtube
pissed off from a lack of sleep? you might be 'slangry'
key republican puts dagger in push to end filibusters
arizona department of corrections changes menstrual pad policy following backlash
frustrated debate moderator reminds audience to refrain from john kasich chants while other candidates speaking
couple married 75 years renew their vows in sweet nursing home ceremony
nation's older brothers recommend not being such a little bitch
scott walker-backed candidate defeated in wisconsin supreme court race
netflix executive unsure how to tell barack obama his series idea just 'fawlty towers'
long story short, they had to cut off area guy's arm
finding the right college is hard. this new database helps students choose wisely.
mike pence won't explain donald trump's stance on deportations
bill o'reilly weighs in on starbucks controversy: 'the cup's ok with me'
facebook status update field dreading what area man about to type into it
lawmakers seek investigation of al jazeera amid israel documentary controversy
report: average american consuming 4 ounces of cheese right now
may's monumental challenge: u.k.'s new prime minister reports for duty
mooney beats casey
secretary masks deep depression with laughter during office banter
donald trump is winning at being the butt of late-night tv jokes
home homosexuality test now available
obama: no option off the table except snatching iran's leaders with hook lowered from plane and flying them to washington
report: lake ice grows safer to venture out on with each beer consumed
amelia boynton robinson, civil rights activist, dies at 104
no one quite sure why 8-year-old has voice of lifelong chain smoker
hot 'effing' tuna takes the beacon theater by storm
jane seymour's secrets to feeling young after 50
dancing stormtroopers make 'dark lord' simon cowell's dream a reality
nabisco baffled after trump administration gives it $200 million contract to rebuild puerto rico's roads
report: only 20 minutes until introverted man gets to leave party
4 classic italian wines that are easily available in the u.s.
7 phrases you should never say during an argument
san francisco begins providing attorneys for immigrants who can't afford them
deaf dog took a bullet for his owner... and now he's homeless
cleansed, crisp and crippled: the challenges of staying dapperly delicious while disabled
cate blanchett brings her own unique glamour to the golden globes
i don't exist: a reflection on contemporary journalism
monster at end of book claims life of tv's grover
report: kerry warns israel could become 'apartheid state'
write-in candidate thought he had enough friends to win
authorities: missing plates and glasses found filthy but safe in roommate's room
funeral attendees getting misty-eyed during first dance with corpse
how trump university relied heavily on the craft of con men
a tale of kindergarten hardship, in one little boy's before-and-after photos
olympics officials clearly trying to buy more time with 6-day-long opening ceremony performance
u.k. to also ban large electronics on some flights from middle east, africa
confessions of a hopeful hoarder
donald trump plays a dangerous game of telephone
washington state man jailed after attacking three gay seattle men
texas attorney general ken paxton indicted
wall street firm develops new high-speed algorithm capable of performing over 10,000 ethical violations per second
many native americans still hold traditional beliefs about white man
house (anti)science panel preps 'making the epa great again' hearing
congressional candidate forced to explain controversial 1971 'fuck everything' remark
music, beer and summer, or why craft beer fests are my new rock concerts
video platform maturity & how the tech titans are shaping up
americans take gold, silver in men's freestyle halfpipe
cdc attempts to put ebola outbreak in perspective by releasing list of worse ways to die
the injustice of mandatory minimums
honoring congressional gold medal recipient raoul wallenberg: one man who made a difference
secretary of education given something to do
hillary set to move past prelims with roosevelt island address (are the clintons cynics or realists?)
over 300 women chime in after l.a. times details director's sex abuse reputation
the top 12 beauty tips we learned from our moms
area man nervously asks girlfriend if she'll settle
'the all-knowing buddha': a journey to the heart of tibetan meditation
baseball's new rules are even sillier than we thought
hillary clinton scores another big union endorsement
your republican friend to explain why paul ryan is great choice
it's time to give your sleep environment a makeover
spoon's weight topples pint in jarring reminder of how much ice cream area man ate in one sitting
harvard's black students pen powerful response to grand jury decisions
bush hopes recession doesn't affect sales of his memoirs
styrofoam coffee cup from omaha excited to finally see pacific ocean
area woman's hair always wet
donald trump meets chief justice roberts to talk inauguration
celebrity disappointed after meeting fan
fiercest fighting in days between kurds and isis in kobani
north korea just launched an icbm. here's what experts think could happen next.
you can train your brain to make smarter money decisions. here's how
report: everything you've ever wanted has been right in front of you all along
reality show slowly sinks in
my lust for the little frenchie!
video game henchmen plan meetup around explosive barrels
area man participates in 21st-century cashless economy
watch live: jen kirkman discusses her new book 'i know what i'm doing and other lies i tell myself'
media stumped on how to handle missing mixed-race woman
oklahoma teachers prepare for walkout as red state revolt spreads
area family putting a little money away to one day blow on single health scare
look: this is what an lgbt ally looks like
kim kardashian just wore her most confusing look yet
9 self-assuring affirmations for when you need a little boost
war talks begin at camp goliath
music festival ends with thousands stranded in mud, miles from shelter
bill maher mocks those offended by president obama's 'latte salute'
sessions disqualified all dominicans. senators must now disqualify him.
cowboys and indians, yes.  indians and occupiers?  let's think about that
syrian families living outside turkish refugee camps face tough conditions
new statewide education standards require teachers to forever change lives of 30% of students
next week's school shooting victims thank senate for failing to pass gun bill
afro-disney plans scrapped
freshman dorm kept cool by 870 fans
trump confident u.s. military strike on syria wiped out russian scandal
trump fascinated by israeli cultural tradition of mass slaughter of protesters
noel comrie's gps guide on positive self-affirmations
motherhood is an extreme sport
spring clean your business
trophy son half father's age
ariana grande reportedly dating 'snl' star pete davidson
khrushchev's granddaughter just compared trump to stalin
3-year-old terrified by sizzling fajita platter
child slavery gives area activist something to do with her evenings
ireland's spirits and spirits in the 2014 ford fusion energi
robed mark warner infiltrates secret torchlit ahca ceremony deep in woods behind capitol
going back to congo
16 dinnertime struggles all parents have with their kids
man coming to terms with fact that shower not getting any hotter
the campaign finance game
hilarious haunted house photos are the funniest part of halloween
do you and your spouse both drink? why it could matter for marital bliss
missing puppy headed back to worried owners after 2,400-mile road trip
tea party congressman calls for tax breaks to put out raging wildfire in district
laverne cox opens up about cisgender actors playing transgender women
millions of excited americans gather to watch candidates deliver series of short, elaborately rehearsed speeches
'after earth ii' tanks at box office
new memoir reveals navy seal bounced a few book ideas off bin laden before killing him
this is how it feels to lose a gutsy nfl game
plan 'l' switched to
global hijabista style, from the afghan burqa to the cover of a fashion magazine
gordon ramsay berates spoon for 45 minutes
43-year-old with skateboard not fooling anyone
olympic figure skater cosplays jaime lannister for 'game of thrones' routine
david letterman on why he doesn't care that much about television anymore
huffpollster: donald trump might not change voting patterns in 2016
sotomayor to add ballistics expertise to already deadly supreme court
6 treatable conditions that mimic dementia
megachurch threatened by new ultrachurch
'nothing would surprise me at this point,' says man who will be shocked by 8 separate news items today
detroit-area residents demand clean air
desperate parents of abducted nigerian girls lose hope in government, turn to u.n.
nation planning surprise party to cheer up conor oberst
most men are clueless about how to dress up, says new survey
can this man save detroit public schools?
new kfc employee takes 'fry-q' test in employee manual
join mary, joseph and the angels on a pilgrimage to jesus' birth
for 'the interview,' even negative publicity (like a massive sony hack) is good publicity
trump used twitter to defend alleged abusers, but not to congratulate u.s. medal winners
that's my daddy: two moms figure out how to tell the truth about their family
the inspiration of muhammad ali: a black-american muslim perspective
local band finds great photo for flier
activism is the new girl gang
the importance of adding stress relief to your to-do list
couple forgets 70th wedding anniversary
child lies for parents' own good
two trans women from the bronx open up about their lives and communities
read live updates on the cnn democratic debate
manager slits own throat after realizing some members of company not on same page
mitch mcconnell has hands, vocal cords removed to prevent self from holding hearing on scalia replacement
loser friend sort of doing better
motivational tape gets man excited for 20 minutes
aunt threatens to devour helpless newborn's toes
sexual assault survivors aren't just daughters. they're actually humans.
clooney scouting locations for darfur-based romantic comedy
control of anecdote wrested from boyfriend
the first u.s. boxer to fight as a woman, and then as a man
17 fantastically fun shirts for girls who love stem
two non-binary college activists on creating space for themselves on campus
wednesday's morning email: conservatives aren't loving the proposed gop obamacare reform
older cousin thinks it about time to have uninformed sex talk with area 8-year-old
race is on to find treatment for mystery illness paralyzing children
dozens of glowing exit signs mercilessly taunt multiplex employee
area loner to dwell on past
nicole richie's beautiful figure ruined by pregnancy
atonal composers gather for atony awards
meredith vieira's today show debut marked by uncomfortable hour-long silence
pretty little liars 501: "escape from new york"
paul rudd celebrates kansas city royals' win by getting showered with beer
chelsea manning and the brutality of transphobia in america
please god, not robin williams...
court summons comes with 1,025 free hours of aol
disney still throwing word 'classic' around like so much confetti
trump terrible 10 -- mooch improved edition
museum of television and radio acquires rare 'caroline in the city' episode
baby knocked out with cough syrup praised for being such a good little traveler
california has become a nationwide leader in better school discipline practices
10 behaviors that could launch your career
child on first day at refugee camp misses dead parents
u.s.-backed syrian rebels launch operation against isis in raqqa
how a traveling consultant helps america hide the homeless
greed and resistance in sarawak's rainforest
airbnb apologizes for posting snarky ads aimed at schools & libraries
here's how to stay on leonardo dicaprio's private island
interpol admits 89% of its cases involve finding, recovering the 'mona lisa'
biden quietly asks obama to pick him up some of those real throwing stars from japan
'homosexuality is not an addiction'
the fed and the markets
rob kardashian posts cutest video for his anniversary with blac chyna
12 delicious marcel duchamp quotes to unleash your inner artist
john mcenroe thinks he could beat serena williams
new montana tourism campaign marketed toward urban bison
gop party chairman really doesn't want to talk about abolishing the irs
'snl' takes on sexist super bowl stereotypes in the best way
john bolton warns war with north korea won't be cakewalk like iraq
panicked biden interrupts state of the union to ask if erections can ever be medical emergency
inaccuracy of every single detail forces student paper to pull story at last minute
donald trump was on fire at saturday's debate
california to release all prisoners who seem nice enough
woman relieved soulmate turned out to be in same socioeconomic bracket
the trump administration's underrated threat to the irs
it doesn't look that cold out, reports man who doesn't have thermo-sensing eyes
man has adorable conversation with dozens of baby goats
texas gop chair laments inclusion of gay conversion therapy in party platform
university of nevada renames vito corleone school of business following latest accusations against benefactor
dakota access pipeline standoff lapses into violence
activists swarm congress members' offices to protest trump's 'swamp cabinet'
'true detective' fan develops elaborate theory he will be let down by season finale
the rock for president? dwayne johnson now 'seriously considering' a run
federal judge pencils blocking trump's unconstitutional executive orders into monthly schedule
nation descends into utter moral chaos following 'dear abby' writer's death
for clean air and a safe climate future
earth safe, but for how long?
professor to 'part ways' with college over comments about islam
the most important game you can play as a parent
tuesday's morning email: take a look at the wildfires devastating california wine country
philippine president duterte declares martial law after isis-linked attack
study finds girls go through manga phase earlier than boys
how pluto got its giant frozen heart
first baby of 2010 finally born
monday's morning email: stormy daniels opens up about trump
immigration activists say deportation raids could send families to their deaths
man missing after explosion was saving up to return to home country
this video of a road being surfaced is ridiculously satisfying
15 adorable notebooks that will make you want to put away your iphone and write
tv's mork to star in film
here's your 10-piece winter capsule wardrobe checklist
from 'that junkie chick' on hbo to soccer mom
the results are in: social enterprise works
cybersecurity lessons from nba mvps lebron james and stephen curry
factory robot working on some of its own designs after hours
the bitcoin hoax
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
terry crews reveals the text he sent to agent after he was groped
counselors quarantine homesick campers
how to travel milan in just one day
8 do's and don'ts of religion-themed halloween costumes
grown man purchases 37th sailor moon figurine
man from canada acts like he's not cold
most americans think the senate should hold hearings on the supreme court nominee
ukraine at a crossroads: could putin lose his job over mishandling the crisis?
their stories, our stories: looking toward holocaust remembrance day
study: floating heap of trash now ocean's apex predator
kamikaze swimmers finally reach pearl harbor
global perceptions of china as a superpower
ted cruz favorability with republicans drops after convention speech
barack obama 'singing' 'all i want for christmas' is a gift
did ernest hemingway have an affair with his sister-in-law?
study finds controlled washington, d.c. wildfires crucial for restoring healthy political environment
climate change may melt the glaciers from glacier national park
minnesota to replace al franken with lt. gov. tina smith
household death toll climbs to one
magnanimous banker hires occupy wall street protesters
'trump place' apartments ditch their name after residents protest
south korea to hold presidential election in may to replace impeached leader park geun-hye
nas talks 'ghostbusters'-inspired lines and sartorial heroes
free-thinking cat shits outside the box
study: uneducated outbreeding intelligentsia 2-to-1
michael moore uses reality shows to explain how bad america is at voting
'timmy' kimmel explains how the truth works to donald trump
these award-winning wedding photos stand out from the pack
police outside convention hoping for opportunity to take swing at george washington impersonator
photojournalist spends month in oval office blind to capture images of obama in natural habitat
22 animals wearing pajamas just because
nation's couples descend on nation's rotating restaurants
former sorority sister speaks out about girl-on-girl hate in viral video
depleted bruegger's bagels gift card living out quiet retirement in wallet's fourth row
counting down the seconds until putin betrays trump
company more like family whose members are desperate to join better family
national poetry month raises awareness of poetry prevention
perfect gentleman does not assault drunk woman
climate change and rights talk
man's idea for tweet just pops into his mind almost fully formed
man straight-up demands to know how many siblings coworker has
man has pretty good idea which friend going to give up on dream first
seth rogen says he smoked weed in steven spielberg's face
to my grandmother after my father's death
misery may love company, but your company should not love misery
neighborhood would make a great video game level
nick cannon wilds out on twitter to shut down those mariah carey rumors
area woman becomes republican vice presidential candidate
new television show to examine rarely discussed years between 1980 and 1989
this woman may be the world's proudest grandma
how these psychologists are prioritizing mental health care for black america
trump administration seems to be winging it on food stamp replacement boxes
obama has tied reagan in public opinion polls
this is what it's like to free dive with whales
cheney clotheslines aide
ted cruz makes it too easy to point out the hypocrisy of his latest campaign ad
huffpost hill - list of exciting job openings at goldman sachs grows
millions of kids might lose health care because congress dropped the ball
nation delighted by rich ass who fires people
29-year-old has been going to different friend's wedding every weekend for past 3 years
man beaten to bloody pulp after allegedly raping nephew's girlfriend
study: not being an asshole boss may boost employee morale
destiny's child referred to as 'feminist icons' with straight face
man who never missed 'ally mcbeal' back in the day joins trump legal team
skin in the game: why republicans' ahca bill should fail
start the year with a social detox
need for more places to sit becomes election's most important issue
the best dive bars to spend st. patrick's day
distributor will not release new louis c.k. film after sexual misconduct report
status of gathering upgraded to 'party' by presence of pizza
incredibly daring man swims to hawaii's lava with a selfie stick
jordan edwards laid to rest as family asks community for calm
happy birthday, bo obama!
grandma hangs on to spend one last christmas with nursing home staff
kate hudson and dakota johnson pose for adorable pic with their famous moms
why is nightlife so important to the queer black and latino communities?
trendy restaurant has communal napkin
donald trump descends into steak-fueled madness
tokyo squeezes in five more residents
report: retailers pull in $5 billion annually from women coming off street to avoid harassment
urban polling stations urge voters to immediately get back in line for general election
report: nothing stopping you from deleting your facebook account right now
mom's hilarious story about her morning shows the hectic life of a parent
teen stops masturbating long enough to save family from fire
jeb bush: i embrace carbon reduction
miracle dog gives birth to septuplets
wife dropping hints she ready to have second husband
nursing-home resident receives $5.25 worth of care per hour
amy krouse rosenthal's daughter continues her late mother's last project
10 ways to be authentic online
researchers forced to scrap another sleep study after participants murdered in dreams by serial killer
taco trucks and other easy targets for racists
the number of puerto ricans without water grew to more than half: dod
uncle strikes out hard with book gift
area woman recalls days when she resented being hit on
7 things you should never ever do for your older kids
holiday music aficionado urges friends to check out 'frosty the snowman'
nation mostly alarmed that government's top programs handled by 29-year-olds
horrifying society of grotesque mutants discovered living aboveground
ben franklin: ahead of his time?
bernie sanders refuses flashy abc podium in favor of own humble, homemade lectern
mom of transgender teen describes her experience as a gift
5 trips every bookworm should take
radical islamist preacher anjem choudary found guilty of supporting isis
nick jonas breaks silence on olivia culpo split
educating for democracy: collegiate sports and march madness
6 things i've decided to stop stressing about
it's suddenly cold out. am i going to get sick?
flesh-eating bacteria wishing it hadn't filled up on foot
letter threatens alabama media group over coverage of roy moore accusations
library of congress completes destruction of 70 million works deemed culturally insignificant
lost cat, dog on journey die immediately
scandal's joe morton the subject of unsung hollywood season premiere
alternative theater waits three hours for stragglers
a quick guide to this year's oscar best picture nominees
indonesian mother sews halloween costumes for 60,000 children
new, improved google maps lets user launch missile at any location on globe
how to dress your sexiest
yoko ono released from hospital after treatment for 'serious' flu-like symptoms
secret police enforce mourning of deng xiaoping
gop blames 'lackluster' candidate and his 'porn stache' for pennsylvania setback
you the newest subsidiary of kraft foods
state of the union preceded by memoriam reel of americans lost in past year
people in commercial having more fun with camera than humanly possible
charlize theron hired to ride struggling cleveland light rail system monday through friday
barbecue chicken panini succumbs to howard-related causes
100 things to be thankful for
'wild thing' charlie sheen wants to throw out first pitch for world series
mom scanning menu finds 'pan-seared diver scallops' faster than speed of light
at the heart of cop20: loss and damage
ganymede totalled in three-moon pileup
senate's proposed 2016 budget turns a deaf ear to the needs of young families
excited firefighters point out kid on tricycle
gated-community members wish there was something they could do
dunkin' donuts is fueling our almond milk obsession at just the wrong time
report: you in the way of billiards game
32-year-old still not entirely sure where body stands with lactose
elder women as agents of change
specifics of hostile takeover fiercely boring
high school won't allow gay student to receive scholarship at awards dinner
democrats force vote to keep net neutrality rules
tropical storm erika leaves death and destruction in caribbean
new 'toastables' offers microwavable pre-toasted bread
progressive groups want doug jones to throw caution to the wind
sarah palin photos of son stepping on dog trigger online outrage
here's a brand new thing you didn't know about 'the office'
who's to blame for your so-called career?  surprise!
radio shack salesman 'a little out of it today'
elderly couple to try peacefully dying together again tonight
my link to muhammad  ali through parkinson's
net neutrality is not a leftist cause
how pirates and hackers worked together to steal millions of dollars in diamonds
colbert wants to turn nyc subway rides into a new and terrible punishment
motion picture academy releases complete list of films that can be enjoyed without supporting sexual predator
the continued unravelling of the middle east: a deep dive into history
director has clear vision of how studio will destroy movie
kelly rowland's favorite tips for expecting moms
typhoon meranti slams into china causing mayhem
'lost dog' poster really tooting dog's horn
cops and educators agree: arming teachers is a terrible idea
don't press the button: the problem with email and what to do about it
new evidence suggests ancient egyptians only ever visited pyramids when friends were in from out of town
the gop plays politics with your health
amber rose's 19 sexiest social media snaps
deep, inherent sadness of favorite bar overlooked
french authorities hunt for 8th suspect after discovering alleged getaway car
the 14 principles of a future organization
colleges and universities should become sanctuaries for the undocumented
thousands of dismembered crash test dummies line newly discovered catacombs beneath ford motor plant
real-life nancy drew traces source of her hpv
judge blocks texas from giving voting information to trump voter fraud probe
these #ionceoverheard tweets will make you feel like a genius
jake tapper hits back at trump: he's nastier to me and don lemon than he is to putin
creating black futures within the present
lea michele romances fake gosling in 'on my way' video
after fifty years of occupation, what's next: an open letter to president mahmoud abbas
kensington palace releases first official photo of prince louis
adrift in love for two nations
romney celebrates florida win with all-night miami beach rave
mom thinks you'd enjoy restaurant she can't remember name of right now
batumi is beautiful even if trump's activities there are not
this 'bachelorette' fight about what engagement means is too real
timeout or burnout
fasting is one of the five pillars of islam. but there are exceptions to the rule
bill maher rips jeffrey lord for denying russia influenced the election
rap star rick ross put on life support: report
this year's primary left most voters with a lower opinion of the gop
bush to lovely chilean ambassador:'i must paint you'
the bizarre plot to blow up target stores to tank company stock
loser hiding behind winning smile
mtv promotes, airs, condemns controversial new video
idiotic tree keeps trying to plant seeds on sidewalk
game review: 'super mario maker' is a diy triumph
pigeon trying to act nonchalant about fresh vomit on sidewalk
senate panel unanimously approves chris wray's nomination as fbi director
actual proctor met at party
miracle paycheck lasts for 7 whole days
donald trump formally announces indiana gov. mike pence as vp pick
a republican congressman just destroyed trump's 'lie' of a budget
just area man's luck
the difference between social anxiety and introversion, in 4 comics
tiny ben carson tugs at debate moderator's pant leg
everything you need to know before riding a road bike
jay pharoah spoofs usher with 'bad kisser'
natalie allen's gps guide for expressing gratitude before bed
bernie sanders tells donald trump: stop talking about bill clinton's sex life
'this is us' is finally going to tell us how jack died
bill cosby's admission could aid women's cases, lawyers say
mitch mcconnell is your doctor now
area woman quietly satisfied to have concrete evidence backing up years-long hatred of matt lauer
area woman not good enough artist to justify eccentricities
usa today crossword puzzle grants false sense of intelligence
in 'informed consent,' a native american tribe's battle is recreated off broadway
10 biggest 'white girl problems' in literature
clemson, lsu, ohio state, alabama top first playoff rankings
'i make my own hours,' says man about to get fired
mass die-off of dolphins directly linked to deepwater horizon spill
how 'thank you' changed my life
how police failed to stop a former nfl star's rape spree
report: majority of instances of people getting lives back on track occur immediately after visit to buffalo wild wings
in mental health awareness week, we need more than mental health 'first aid'
here's a preview of what obama will say in the state of the union
kylie jenner channels pin-up glam in new photo from high fashion shoot
newsweek's top editor and staffers suddenly fired
archaeologists discover fully intact 17th-century belief system in ohio congressman
al jazeera america to shut down by end of april
bobby jindal's biggest donors benefited from his administration
ford assembly line foreman thinking about asking out cute welding robot from work
worthless dog can't talk, drive, solve crimes
magazine correctly judged by its cover
10 million fans killed off in sopranos season premiere
simple gifts--for the holidays (holy daze)   or  if we do not know your wishes, how can we follow them?
matchbox 20 singer rob thomas apologizes for racist comments made in australia
what happened to my son's memory?
plot of 'midnight run' described at length to therapist
man shows up with gun at alton sterling memorial
we count, so count us: three reasons it's important to collect census data on lgbtq people
what might have been in 2017 had hillary clinton won
parents chart child's width on kitchen wall
pope-killing virus claims yet another victim
study: 90% of workplace injuries caused by bare-knuckle boxing
romney stands behind ryan to show good campaigning stance
weary nation says one or two more divisive issues should finish it off
the 5 best fictional holidays from television
charlottesville goddam
magazine runs article about louis c.k.
mentally ill man not in mood to gun down strangers, but glad to know that option there if needed
netanyahu assures critics he still has utmost respect for u.s. money
hotel now charging patrons for looking at items in minibar
nation's weirdest teenager buys season one dvd of 'murphy brown'
kindergarten class burning through 6 hamsters a year
how the american health care act can affect autism coverage
back to school: teens and digital stress
how to overcome the geographic handicap
blake lively explains the touching reason she joined the women's march
villagers turned into crack fighting squad overnight
david allan peters at ameringer | mcenery | yohe
miranda lambert gets teary-eyed singing song she wrote with ex blake shelton
a gospel of white supremacy is not the gospel of christ
latinos and the 2014 elections: five reasons to vote in november
impoverished monte carlo family forced to live out of racecar
patricia elliott, tony-winning actress and tv soap star, dead at 77
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
strange 'alien skeleton' mystery finally solved
two sisters tell 'heart felt' tale of taking down bad cholesterol
it's time to focus on shared goals
more americans falling for 'get rich slowly over a lifetime of hard work' schemes
mike pence breaks out formal altar boy robes for state of the union address
disabilities act was 'life-changer' for millions, but new legislation needed to move forward
obama nicks fbi director on clinton emails: 'we don't operate on innuendo'
the average nfl career lasts just 3 years. this player is focused on what happens next.
government shutdown forces national zoo to turn off panda suicide cam
5-minute hairstyles -- for real!
style replaces substance
google reviewed 2017 and it's enough to make us all cry
seaworld whales demand 10 percent chum increase
report: country that might shut down because president wants big wall somehow considered best in the world
florida dope haul: seized heroin packets bear donald trump's image
cia left inert explosives on school bus after exercise
joe biden won't rule out a future run for office
the 'mind diet' could protect you from alzheimer's and age-related cognitive decline
dead daughter would have wanted $220 million liability settlement
here's what cynthia nixon believes is the 'aids crisis of this generation'
bush lets war widow punch his arm once
there are fewer asian americans than you might think
assad's forces take 'capital of revolution'
in deep red territory, constituents grill congressman in fiery town hall
uninsured man hoping for gift card to local hospital for christmas
universities, public spaces and the democratic way of life
aging succubus lowering standards for men ever since she turned 40,000
climbers abandon everest amid fresh avalanches
tick scientists confirm 2017 summer will be best on record
top north korean aide in charge of negotiating with south korea dies
magazine article about mindy kaling fails to mention she's a woman
hundreds of cuban refugees clinging to air force one on flight back to u.s.
u.s. intel officials knew last year about cia security breach that led to wikileaks dump
coach's super profound words: 'ballers make plays. dudes are dudes.'
couple just wants small ceremony in public park with close friends and shirtless stranger hanging around tree
man nods knowingly at mechanic
delisting the grizzly bear...or not
senators challenge trump administration over twitter witch hunt
tented in iraq; interviews and winter edition
the rich get richer
what is love? this lesbian teen has it all figured out (video)
bernie sanders is narrowing the gap with hillary clinton in the granite state
report: shame of walking out without buying anything drives 90% of purchases at small businesses
man takes sober moment to reflect on fact that most of meal already gone
another disgusting operation proves john mccain is healthy
chelsea manning: to those who kept me alive all these years, thank you
companies are doing a terrible job on sustainable cotton
this cheeky 1913 letter from a suffragist is giving us life
karl rove: donald trump would get 'creamed' up against hillary clinton
5 reasons why you need boundaries in your relationships and life
nervous steve bannon binge-eats entire class of interns amid calls for removal
find lead paint violations in new york city neighborhoods
sick man slowly becoming enthroned in used tissues
female friend group fails in one duty of providing good gynecologist recommendation
boy, 2, makes basketball free throws from a balcony like a boss
get lost in these seven cities
thousands march on national mall to demand puerto rico disaster relief
greek bailout talks delayed once again, official says
clinton's lower lip 'very concerned' about albanian crisis
person with almost no responsibility always stressed out
two folks wield lightsabers against fireworks from the dark side
report: biggest parenting fear remains losing child in high-stakes poker tournament
composer dan licht on writing for dexter
dnc attendee screaming 'the earth needs us!' to no one in particular
obamacare repeal possibly going to live on farm upstate
ns/nd/c/dwf wondering why she can't find someone
sarah palin gave a very un-sarah palin speech at cpac
chinese state media threatens donald trump with 'big sticks' if he pushes for a trade war
genie grants scalia strict constructionist interpretation of wish
flashback: ferguson cops beat man, charged him for bleeding on their uniforms
lady gaga and taylor kinney make the polar plunge look pretty hot
indoor grill owner can't wait for start of autumn
chaplain who said there's 'no such thing as transgenderism' now says obeying constitution serves satan
erika christensen and cole maness are married
gleeful kate mckinnon unleashes her inner robert mueller on 'snl'
man frantically returns to website that just crashed his browser
a major 'hunger games' theory gets support from the cast
entire nyc subway system now consists of single handcar
pope francis trains for easter mass by dragging pew loaded with rocks across snow
apple gave a major shot in the arm to wearable tech
'back to dock' voted most popular destination among current rowboat passengers
a new kind of valentine's day
people's climate march signs speak volumes
nephew surprised by how much bigger aunt has gotten since last year
melania trump's new bio says she 'paused her studies'
fda: juicy green apple conditioner best used with juicy green apple shampoo
last tuesday's elections gave progressive activists a much-needed morale boost
news roundup for may 31, 2017
meet the man who helps hollywood stay sober
wildlife cleaning volunteer stuck with the gulls again
wednesday's morning email: republicans on cusp of passing tax giveaway
3 tips for a happy financial new year
first-generation american's job taken by his father
16 valentine's day jewelry ideas for girlfriends who hate corny stuff
huffpost hill - trump bribes company to send jobs to mexico, scores huge win
years after japan's earthquake disaster, a community struggles to pick up the pieces
uganda's president extends 30-year rule, detains rivals after election
parents drop fake treating-you-like-an-adult act half-hour into visit
zayn malik breaks his twitter silence to thank fans
'the office' ends as documentary crew gets all the footage it needs
the only republican hillary could beat is trump. or is it?
americans are embarrassed by farts, says least surprising poll ever
rachel leyco bridges the diversity gap in her latest short film
donald trump asks why the civil war couldn't have been 'worked out'
pope urges using 'weapons of love' to combat evil in easter message
one beer can't do local alcoholic any harm
7 tips for surviving the holidays when kids (or grandkids) are sick
man excited to spend weekend back home catching up with old video games from high school
rod stewart thought it was a good idea to stage a mock beheading in abu dhabi desert
panicked john kelly ushers half-naked trump away from podium as president shouts support for eugenics
3 reasons i haven't told people i'm doing ivf
victoria's secret also andrew's secret
how i ditched corporate america to push pizza
'just illegalize us already,' nation's assault weapons beg
prince's sister tyka nelson pays tribute to the late music icon at the amas
the $400 juicero juicer is the funniest silicon valley fail in forever
aarp warns of sweepstakes scams
11 wabi sabi home decor ideas that embrace imperfection
how i learned to love my body
'ass' finally inducted into video game hall of fame
5 essential lists to make before the end of this year
brittle jewess does not like what george clooney is wearing
jennifer hudson's new 'do makes her our dreamgirl
3 ways to boost your empathy
the 'adults risking babies' lives for balls' epidemic continues
midwestern tornado destroys 4 world's largest objects
thousands of brazilians take to the streets to demand president's impeachment
listen up! my favorite americana discoveries of 2014
glitter birkenstocks are now a thing you can actually buy
first kid to wake up at slumber party gets exclusive look at friend's mom's morning routine
climatologists secure funding to breed glaciers in captivity
laffy taffy writer disdains bazooka
graduation party more lucrative than planned future career
the trump team keeps piling on criticism of mitt romney
the final indian war in america about to begin
review: new apple tv is bursting with potential
10 years of marriage equality
kate winslet is the slickest star on the 2016 oscars red carpet
taylor swift teases 'i don't wanna live forever' music video with zayn (update)
trump's goon squads
irs now requiring taxpayers to tip
hail mary! broncos fan sacked by security guard on christmas
madrid's 72-year-old feminist mayor shares her wisdom on life and politics
10 ways to deal with a difficult coworker
three-year-old gets carried away
masterpiece cakeshop case declared mistrial after clarence thomas tampers with evidence
happy mother's day to the moms leading the fight for trans students
the 20 funniest tweets from women this week
u.s. adds 4 million jobs but in st. louis
girl, 11, invents 'chemo backpack' to help kids with cancer, after battling the disease herself
scotland and wales will now allow northern irish women to access free abortions
bush extremely proud of new suit
company creates brilliant first-person shooter experience in chatroulette
housekeeper too busy to be sassy
best of abu dhabi: aditya vikram sengupta's labour of love
the top 7 destinations for a family vacation
government bails  out dow jones with 10,000 points
study: whites to be minority in donaldson family by 2027
judge blocks federal government from enforcing transgender guidance in schools nationwide
fred thompson fears presidential run will typecast him as politician
the best way to leave 'the bachelor' is by dumping him
avoid these 5 common race day mistakes
at least two killed in blast at peace march in ukraine
weird things people bring to airports that cause long security lines
it wasn't just white men who participated in the 'unite the right' rally
powerful 'his and hers' towel lobby stalls gay marriage legislation
what it takes for a poor black kid from chicago to earn a college degree
hbo's new streaming service is now live
one of the biggest mistakes a manager can make, according to linkedin's ceo
it almost as if rite aid cashier doesn't care about reputation of rite aid corporation
ted cruz applauds iowa couple who refused to host a same-sex wedding
in a single week, plague cases more than doubled in madagascar
citizens to vote on young or old reagan for $15 bill
the coming immigration wars in trump's america
anti-mdma campaign warns teens about dangers of feeling more connected to others
bush texting while mahmoud abbas speaks
stop scaring new dads!
boston globe offers 'spotlight' fellowship to fund investigations
eclipse 2017: how a tiny town braces for blackout
facebook to begin letting users know if their data was harvested by cambridge analytica
progressive activist group targets vulnerable democratic senators on health care
rnc chair says they lose acting normal, so why not give trump a shot
the wave: the single greatest threat to new relationships
toy prepares child to one day pull around real telephone on wheels
girl whose speech about charlotte went viral finds a fan in hillary clinton
annual 6-sentence conversation with cousin goes smoothly
opening band issues two-more-songs warning
new employee still eager enough to pick up slack for coworkers
joe biden's son dead at 46
former couple to remain friends until one finds new sex partner
barksdale, inspiration behind characters on 'the wire,' dies in federal prison
"how do we allow a gunman to come into our children's school?"
congress gets another reminder from scientists that climate change isn't coming -- it's already here
poland spring develops new eco-friendly bottle that only takes 300 years to decompose
polly zehnder-swader's gps guide for unwinding after a bad day
couple excited to start planning wedding expenses
gluten-free pancake mix just a bag of sand
bible study group preparing for bible aptitude test
hero firefighter: 'i'm a hero'
grandma pretty much unmoved by threat of not seeing grandchildren
drake's dad just released a music video and damn, it's smooth
woman celebrates 4th year of weaning self off facebook
amount of water man just used to wash dish to be prize of hand-to-hand combat match in 2065
surviving miner ordered back to work
john ashcroft: 'obey'
researchers: quality of sleep may be affected by abandoning family in 1994
arresting portraits give voices to homeless people in america's poorest big city
las vegas review-journal taps glenn cook to steer newsroom temporarily after rocky month
5 ways to get rid of summer weight gain
super priest can turn anything into body, blood of christ
pitbull's tasteless memorial day tweet brings americans together
area bar used to be cool; now lame
the president's mission to garner sympathy for white supremacists is utter nonsense
going-out-of-business sign thanks neighborhood for 3 months of no support whatsoever
weak, ineffectual man will be right back with that account file
taylor swift now dating suri cruise
10 small-space lifesavers
going to bed last thing tempurpedic ceo wants to think about after long day at work
fully gentrified neighborhood all cheese shops
aol instant messenger to sign off forever after 20 years
russian president: saber-rattling is counterproductive with north korea. it's impossible to scare them.
'black panther' sequel officially confirmed by marvel studios head
outback employees return from mandatory 6-month walkabout in australian wilderness
roy moore under fire for new 'children are my future' ad campaign
how to use photoshop for good rather than evil
'fear not—she means you no harm,' says elizabeth warren, revealing docile hillary clinton to crowd
the oldest people in the world share their secrets
jim davis, guy who does 'heathcliff' get together for annual lunch to discuss doing cat cartoons
makeup do's and i prefer you don'ts
2 gop senators drop endorsements of roy moore
5-year-old critics agree: movie 'cars' only gets better after 40th viewing
this donut-shaped pool table is homer simpson's dream come true
who's to say the word 'slants' offends asians? the supreme court, that's who.
'pan' fails to take flight at the box office
want to be ready for retirement? lower your expectations
why uber should hire a woman ceo
87% of millennials donated to charity last year and you should stop calling them selfish: report
miracle cyclist crashes into high-speed train and survives
whole plant eating: squash seeds
north korea claims new long range missile has ability to fly right up in the air, not unlike a bird or a fly
study: majority of time machine owners use device primarily to get couple more hours of sleep
6 new year's resolutions that don't take all damn year to accomplish
lovestruck arabian princess begs father to spare john kerry's life
congress passes seriously uncool legislation
if this guy's daughter is a 'real' princess, then i'm lord of ice cream cones
huge lottery jackpot tempting all but the most rational
moving forward with change: part 2 in a series to create lasting health change
apathy outpacing lust as leading u.s. state of mind
campus tour guide reminds students at each stop they have to get in first
walmart vows to defend whichever gays buy their cheap shit
kushner doesn't want to give up his security clearance as john kelly cracks down: report
key georgia democrat switches from clinton to sanders
secretary of transportation worried he's not living up to legacy of claude s. brinegar
machiavellian white house groundskeeper gaining influence among west wing staff
teens: are they laughing at you?
mtv shifts focus to youth
isis and boko haram are teaming up for terror, official says
watch two gay cowboys get intimate in this steamy new music video (nsfw)
adventures of a creationist at the field museum
a real phish nye miracle
corn added to list of items that upset grandma's stomach
lingerie made for queer people? now there's a boutique for that
tronc is keeping ross levinsohn aboard after probe into 'frat house' behavior
bar patrons dismayed by sight of band setting up
aol acquires time-warner in largest-ever expenditure of pretend internet money
world leaders react to news that donald trump will be next u.s. president
parents clinging to lone religious element of daughter's wedding ceremony
college senior holding out hope that internship will lead to class-action lawsuit
stressed out at work? here's how to find your center with just 3 minutes of breathing
the nfl draft sleepers you can't afford not to know
jeff sessions reportedly revives probe of uranium one deal
the huffington post is hiring story editors for the voices department
sniper draws moustache on crosshairs
5 ways to enjoy your engagement
supreme leader khamenei says iranian nuclear weapons are a u.s. 'myth'
congress must reclaim war-making authority
supreme court allows corporations to run for political office
ted cruz may be too conservative to stop trump
aid for syrians stuck on border due to political bickering
betsy devos chooses to spotlight a problematic charter school founded by pitbull
the populist president goes to davos
missouri governor accuses ferguson police of attacking michael brown's character
insect with limitless flying space rockets straight for man's pupil
inflatable chair's novelty wears off
walnuts improve area chicken salad
ap reporter wounded in afghanistan vows to return
guy sipping energy drink on subway probably heading off to snowboard in x games or something
poll: 80% of americans would get in vehicle with stranger for chance at new life
gop congressman may not vote for president at all
the trailer for netflix's 'richie rich' reboot is here
trip to office kitchen hastily altered to trip to bathroom to evade despised coworker
russian beef shortage traced to boris yeltsin
security guards chase naked usa fan around white house
republicans' 'diversity through imported africans' plan criticized
man getting screwed by company's $180,000 health deductible
2016 was awful for pretty much everything except podcasts
outside the rnc, this crisis center is addressing one of our nation's biggest problems
trump suggests iran brought deadly terrorist attacks upon itself
chief justice john roberts eulogizes antonin scalia as 'our man for all seasons'
want to get shot out of a cannon? call bello the clown
carli lloyd correctly says she's the best player in the world
bette midler ruptures
gap debuts new line of children's sweaters to clutch to chest when son goes missing
guy who just wiped out immediately claims he's fine
woman forced to do some detective work after obituary for dead classmate leaves off cause of death
'look, just tell us who to kill,' snaps u.s. general as trump enters 20th minute of rambling answer on syria
santa fe high schoolers held gun violence protest 1 month before shooting
a murder in kurdistan
11 classic hollywood kisses that will send shivers down your spine
how the traditional nylon toothbrush may be causing your gums to disappear
gingrich desperately trying to court people-who-vote vote
john stamos has no mercy when apparently throwing shade at drake bell
opponents of peace
the gallery trying to get women artists paid
5 things teens want to tell you
'trump filter' erases the donald from your chrome browser
in a deadly crash, who should a driverless car kill -- or save?
5-year-old reluctantly lets crying mom sleep in his bed again
boris johnson is a liar with his 'back to the wall,'  says france's foreign minister
palestinian shot dead after stabbing israeli trooper
heaven installs spikes to keep cherubs from shitting on st. peter's gate
audience left wondering what happened after action film pans from character to shot of blood spattering against wall
ex-girlfriend's last electric-bill check remains uncashed in area man's wallet
why suing your bank could help others avoid being ripped off
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
f.a.s.t. thinking helped lane save his mom
to the mom who feels unseen
area man visits haiti to check up on $10 donation
terry tate takes down donald trump over his disgusting comments about women
flynn's departure leaves trump foreign policy even more disoriented
this anorexia treatment probably doesn't work. it might have something to tell us anyway.
3 healthy ways to deal with jealousy
josh ritter and the 'storm' surrounding his new music
super tuesday: live results
the judge stands in shock when he sees who's singing on stage... wow!
peter thiel wants to buy gawker, new court filing suggests
boy scout officials: 'we believe all children, regardless of gender, deserve the opportunity to one day die alone in the woods'
sparring over soda tax, cities set referendums
'there's nothing to it,' secret service agent assures mar-a-lago bellhop assigned rooftop sniper duty
white house just gave a terrible defense of trump's refugee ban
undercover fireman infiltrates three-alarm blaze
jimmy carter says he has melanoma that has spread to his brain
samantha bee sums up ivanka trump's new white house role in just 8 words
lin-manuel miranda's childhood letters are way too real for people who hated summer camp
donald trump responds to doug jones defeating roy moore in alabama senate election
510 chuck e. cheese tickets blown in grape-soda induced frenzy
nation letting itself have few moments of celebration before returning to horrifying reality of violent extremism
silence on black female victims weakens fight against police brutality
out-of-control scott walker injured after wildly careening between stances on immigration
the extraordinary journey of india's first olympic gymnast
chinese guy still insisting it was him in front of that tank
last words: kimora blac reflects on her time on 'rupaul's drag race'
prince's former flame sheila e. mourns death of music legend: 'thank god love lives forever'
north carolina tells supreme court it's giving up fight over 'jim crow' voting law
mueller reportedly investigating ukraine payment to trump foundation
man's facebook status given book deal
pregnant wife has no idea which jonas brother she married
fusion summit will gather youth leaders from protest movements around the world
heartbreaking yelp review says it's just nice to eat a meal around other people
rebel wilson feels 'really lucky' to have her body type
this cauliflower crusted grilled cheese deserves a moment in the spotlight
a litany of thanksgiving
study: depression up among teenage girls able to perceive any part of world around them
6 amazing lessons i learned about manhood from my grandpa
'game of thrones' viewers reeling after finale unexpectedly kills off fan
doctors discover purpose of appendix is to contain human soul
congress expected to vote on budget to avert government shutdown
the world's oldest living cat has died
fact repeated as urban legend
fec extends election by 7 months to give nation chance to better get to know candidates
donald trump promises republican senator he'll lose an election that doesn't exist
waiter seriously needs his apps
report: friend's apartment not nice enough to be asking people to take off shoes
huffpollster: 2016 could be the year of the third parties
shared leadership among women and men: good news and bad news
how current eating disorder discourse fails the lgbtq community. and how we can change that.
7 very important reasons to take a nap right now
starship crew heroically saves screen
jesus wept... for brazil
the leftovers recap: did they really do it? in 'cairo'
55 tips to lose the weight for good
we need more college graduates
5 months of college research outweighed by weekend visiting friend at penn state
school friends don't find camp songs funny
what you need to know about zika virus
u.s. census announces those people will be majority by 2043
microsoft unveils next best thing to teleportation
area man clearly came to redbox machine without any game plan
older voters are suffering the greatest election stress. here's why.
a feminist meets fidel castro
economic stimulus check burned for warmth
rihanna's low-cut red gown is a wardrobe malfunction waiting to happen
sean spicer quietly puts painting back over unfinished escape tunnel
why the un rejected turkey's bid for a security council seat?
here's the hollywood-worthy rio gymnastics story you didn't hear
man's anxiety not about to let depression muscle in on turf
diabetic, gout-ridden kim jong-un by far healthiest person in north korea
barbara and george h.w. bush could be the cutest presidential couple
movie review: edge of tomorrow... don't go there
4 people stabbed on amtrak train in michigan
physics teacher's car accident would've made perfect example for class
jewish man charged with hate crime resurrects brooklyn's racial tension
woman only dates on national television now
johnny galecki returns to 'roseanne' and reuniting is such sweet sorrow
trevor noah on trumpcare's passage in the house: f**king unbelievable
woman has boy handwriting
documentary about grisly murder inspires dozens of copycat documentaries
economists recommend setting aside part of every paycheck in case of dire straits reunion tour
katrina commander swears on live tv over puerto rico response
rc car works up courage to approach group of girls
internet reminds donald trump his signature collection is made in mexico
study: average person's life plan can only withstand 25 seconds of direct questioning
pfizer breaks psychological need to always seek fda's approval
man hopes hot woman in next apartment can hear how well he's fucking his girlfriend
santa signs legislation to help special-wants children
john legend speaks out against trump's syrian refugee and travel ban
dog finds absolutely perfect place to shit
christie's auctioneer throws in sketch of a horse he did to see if anyone bites
latest austin powers movie opens in theaters
going out on a limb: will the democrats hold onto the senate?
airplane's terrifying landing may put you off flying for good
16-year-old excited to have whole summer to plan shooting for next school year
leah remini rediscovers her faith in scientology after going through difficult point in life
dan savage takes on ann coulter over transgender bathroom rights
remembering the gotham book mart
amy poehler and ike barinholtz try to play guess who without discriminating
rotating knife vortex closed pending safety investigation
robbie knievel jumps entire generation's awareness
i thought mediums were frauds until i met one who knew things she couldn't have known
three qualities a woman should possess to be powerful, from jill abramson (video)
death by $15 million cuts: how a super pac took down newt gingrich
frankie grande pays the 'indoor boys' a surprise visit
mumford and sons take home coveted 'vest of the year' grammy
technophile has coolest junk drawer ever
area man has no idea how he got on hamas e-mail list
age-defying makeup tips for women over 50
report: americans most physically active when getting comfy
navratri 2014: a hindu celebration of the mother goddess
'vacation is when i have a 40-hour week'
previous tenant clearly not bothered by mildew
new law requires sex offenders to inform residents before moving into their homes
how our allies in asia see the presumptive republican nominee
report: getting out of bed in morning sharply increases risk of things getting even worse
'entourage' the movie -- who cares?
bored assistant principal browses through confiscated items
lady gaga, jlaw and more sign letter opposing texas anti-lgbtq legislation
tv shows from your childhood that were super overrated
making a dent in the global water crisis: why it's time to double down
cheerleader given a 'd'
walmart customer fatally shoots teen accused of stealing diapers
billionaire cash is flooding los angeles to push trump-devos school choice agenda
what we know about the link between fever during pregnancy and autism
stop talking about 'screen time,' start thinking about screen use
hey, remember when bernie sanders played a rabbi in a rom-com?
bob corker accuses wolf blitzer of 'having a great time' pressing him about tax bill vote
household cleaning tips for cold and flu season
fall fashion for moms! how (not) to wear the season's hottest trends
gop 'ins' alabama representative
frustrated wildfire spends hours stuck in l.a. traffic
senate gop bill would give industry 'veto power' over new rules, critics warn
stuff on floor
gus van sant prepares shot-for-shot teen wolf remake
new 'cut off your genitals' challenge gains popularity among teens online
congress to meet at feingold's house today
usher to put shirt back on when usher ready to put shirt back on
financial analysts offer to talk about recession for $5
heroin deaths are surging, but deadliest drugs still come in pill bottles
trump-friendly breitbart news rolls over after reporter 'grabbed' by trump aide
republicans should worry about losing the house
humiliated team of cuban doctors forced to continue treating long-dead fidel castro
donald trump compares trade deal to rape
source of jealousy not even that successful
failed attempt at hyperbole yields dead-on statistic
obama addresses nation still wearing spock ears
how to connect with others
machete-wielding suspect shot as he breaks through door in graphic video
newlywed couple looks so deeply in debt
meatless monday: robin asbell gets juiced
breaking: no news breaking
fighting gets worse in yemen despite saudi pledge to halt campaign
teach, stream, be acquired: why online education investors are hot for teacher
power-plant employee sneaks electricity home in lunchbox
scary and gross - 3 disturbing consequences of a warming planet
how women are changing the world, shown in gorgeous illustrations
moon finally hatches
first look at tony shalhoub in new cbs series 'braindead'
new device converts grass to meat
parents of adorable baby on tv show most likely insane
man can't wait to find out if millennium falcon gets out of that tunnel
depressed, butter-covered tom vilsack enters sixth day of corn bender after losing vp spot
conga-line participant beckons ominously
public diplomacy in the pacific
charlottesville suspect might have received tacit support from high-level government figure
does romans 13 give the president the right to nuke north korea?
baby and beagle pose for adorable monthly photos over course of 2 years
iran ready to talk about how awesome nuclear program is
national defense strategy
romney tailors nursing home visit to those who will still be alive on election day
new downloadable content for 'assassin's creed syndicate' factored into monthly living expenses
ken burns not sure how to turn down ray romano's repeated offers to narrate next documentary
john roberts delivers finishing blow to stephen breyer to defend title of chief justice
this woman gave cellulite a perfect nickname
stephen colbert takes out a 'for your consideration' ad for trump's fake news awards
tea party candidate doesn't want to be associated with the tea party
fisher-price releases new in utero fetal activity gym
john boehner: we should know if paul ryan is running for speaker soon
this 'pretty little liars' theory about charles has fans fuming
why christ, mao and the buddha are making a comeback in china
report: male hair loss 7 times more painful than childbirth
area man nostalgic for time when ads targeting him not as sad
5 brilliant italian dishes you haven't tried before
top democrats defend bill clinton meeting with loretta lynch
this 'ouija' parody is so perfect it's scary
nathan deal defeats jason carter in georgia gubernatorial race
the magical turpan
green streets are healthy streets
hardline immigration hawks are starting to panic about donald trump
here's a terrifying view of a baseball fan's one-handed catch
the 5 types of parents we all love to hate... sometimes
julianne hough lived in pain for years because of endometriosis
john bel edwards' new ad attacking david vitter is not subtle
how tax cuts led to west virginia's massive teacher strike
members of opening band walking among crowd during intermission like gods among men
suburban family invests hopes, dreams in gas grill
warm approach of potential new friendship just street canvasser again
nation to be sterilized from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. this friday
edge of tomorrow as spiritual travel metaphor
anderson cooper throws another box of letters from gay children into dumpster
inside: america's love affair with neurotic jewry
on 'conan,' trump calls obama for valentine's day advice
study links meat, sugar consumption to early death among those who choose to be happy in life
homeland security lifts trump travel ban
this week in...:the confusing and controversial tpp
chinese citizens observe 25-year moment of silence for tiananmen square massacre
small-town residents come together for arby's raising
meet the megadonor behind the lgbtq rights movement
at least 18 killed in large explosion in syria, war monitor says
michael douglas denies masturbating in front of a former employee
scandal: mccain won miss congeniality of u.s. senate in 2000, 2003
news website likes to set aside a little ad space to promote own articles
kerry agrees to testify in front of issa, but not new benghazi committee
assisted care facility hits grand fucking slam with little styrofoam cups of sherbet
gm wants to fill the gap volkswagen's dieselgate scandal left
viewer prepared to believe whatever documentary tells him about coral reefs
ron paul withholding presidential endorsement until true libertarian candidate enters race
giddy thom yorke goes to bed early to make grammy day get here sooner
john bolton arrives in office excited to see so many familiar wars
obesity swept the nation and now healthy schools are taking it back... with your help
alpha trick-or-treater established by third house
rod stewart mistaken for elderly aunt
michelle obama finally gets around to reading 'dreams from my father'
a surprising way to organize books, from mark cutler (video)
15 things to bring on your summer adventures
thursday cry moved up to wednesday due to scheduling conflict
for trump, words are stupid things
gop consultant pleads guilty in first super pac coordination conviction
the u.s. might be getting closer to expanding its isis fight
prince william may have just hinted at the new royal baby's name
milky way's vast galactic plane shimmers in hypnotic new video
teenage rebels seize control of food court's corner table
here is how senate republicans try to hide the damage of their repeal bill
mindfulness and the average smartphone: technology for calm instead of chaos
pat robertson says he's against vaccination mandates
250-pound man sadly in best shape of his life
why my daughter's nursery will be pink
'a letter to my granddaughters'
emmanuel macron amused by little differences in french, american islamophobia
dad's tea party with 2-year-old basically sums up toddlers
one man's journey into modern shamanism
successories poster shoplifted
oysters have no discernible effect on date
why i no longer support israel
want to increase trust? increase your say/do ratio!
china to send elite army unit to ebola-hit liberia
jim parsons is having a divine moment
u.s. soldiers ask rumsfeld if they could get surprise visit from loved ones instead
suspect wins over detectives with 'rockford files' reference
mothers around the world are dying -- let's hashtag that
byblos brims with culture, history and life
god scores another free balloon some dumb kid let go of
barack obama congratulates prince harry and meghan markle on engagement
spirits in the night
why millions of americans are raiding their retirement savings
gucci mane sentenced!
what's good for cuomo is bad for students
from brothers to enemies: how syria's war has divided families
'hunger games' star jena malone shares pregnancy announcement on instagram
alcohol only thing making operating heavy machinery bearable
parents considering second child so daughter can have someone to grow apart from
new prescription fish tank eliminates need for glasses while looking at fish
mister rove, master of the smear
sean hannity gets brutally rejected by attorney for moore accuser
the power of expectation
las vegas officials create gofundme page for shooting victims
global-warming crisis makes for delightful mid-february afternoon
police chief busted for parking on sidewalk does the honorable thing
meth production in illinois sees decrease after four-year increase
exhausted, defeated voters finally beginning to relate to hillary clinton
is resisting trump enough?
xavier dolan's mommy:  exuberant film shares jury prize at cannes
justin timberlake's song of the summer gets a bone-shaking metal remix
rep calls for more than 'moment of silence' in congress for charleston
report: nazi treasure hunters following more realistic retirement plan than 86% of country
watch rihanna steam up 'bates motel' in new preview
the 'game of thrones' season 6 trailer hints at jon snow's resurrection
my conversation with kristen stewart
escalating tensions lead trump to shake up inner circle of tv programs
broncos center apologizes to team after accidentally snapping ball to brady quinn
cold anger in restless times: the growing movement for racial and social justice
jimmy fallon, judd apatow and keanu reeves perform stand-up written by kids
entitled deadbeat finally breaks out of 20-year cycle of government dependency
secretary of interior says knocking down rocky mountains could really open nation up
ben carson calls transgender military members a distraction
the outsider has officially squeezed its way inside the art world
kids in bus accident mocked by kids in passing bus
creepy one-word text message from mom could mean anything
george and amal clooney cozy up at casamigos launch party in ibiza
who wrote the beatles hit "twist and shout"? the amazing story of bert berns
naacp issues travel warning for black americans visiting own backyards
man fishes for legendary, elusive compliment
is my special child being bullied?
'13 reasons why': stop telling young women true love will save them
this influencer is using youtube to speak frankly about student loan debt
black friday and cyber monday shopping tips
seriously, where do all the baby socks go?
sexualized octogenarian flapper girl still earning living for someone
guidance counselor prefaces sat results by talking about test's flaws
climate science on trial again
elena ferrante to write column for the guardian's weekend magazine
why is roller derby important to so many queer women?
bill murray slays as the 'bannon cannon' on 'saturday night live'
clinton gets box to put government's stuff in
trump administration decides to add a question about citizenship to 2020 census
americans say they're ok with blackface, other offensive costumes
ken jennings mistaken for subway's jared again
high school principal can already tell students are going to eat this one alive
'political' science: it's déja vu all over again
watch: fearless chihuahua takes on great dane in most endearing attack of all time
björk retrospective at moma, new york (video)
rudy giuliani adds more planes, towers with each subsequent retelling of 9/11
inexperienced streaker to practice in living room a few times before doing it for real
7 questions about the recent oil price slump
what 'magic mike' does for mature women
astronomers just going to go ahead and say dark matter nitrogen
obamacare vs. trumpcare: a public health dilemma
unpopular opinion: why i think the sat is a good thing
right whales could face extinction after deadly year, researchers say
cheer up, democrats
tourist experiences city by buying used cds
copycat culture: adapting to a world of adaptations
john kerry says that the u.s. will have to negotiate with syrian president bashar al-assad
breaking: we might be doing a bad job
storied fantasy owner relocates to new ip address
thomas jefferson impersonator reenacts famous cell phone shouting match with wife
dear dads, thank you for who you are
earth day project collecting 1 million different sounds from our beautiful, bustling planet
the dea is rushing to criminalize another herb, and congress is silent
binge-drinking, promiscuous sex good for you, says 'new orleans journal of medicine'
trump hotels buck industry trend, continue to offer guests porn
save women's lives - end the helms overreach
sonia sotomayor almost stopped pursuing a seat on the supreme court
worse than watergate: trump's constitutional crisis
small town honors once-ostracized artist
old gypsy woman run over without consequence
area man thinks movie he saw should have been nominated
7-year-old transfers friend's obituary onto silly putty for posterity
5 extreme things the common core has done to children in the past 5 years, according to opponents
hollywood removes statue of louis b. mayer beckoning judy garland to sit on his lap
historians uncover evidence stonehenge once prominent druid make-out spot
jihadist woman wishes her sons could be more like those tsarnaev boys
clinton hurls feces at detractors
newsroom trends, journalism, media ethics and engagement in 2016
leonardo dicaprio morphs back into hairy, overweight iowan after finally receiving oscar
what life is like where it's snowy and cold
chrissy teigen's hot take on ice cream trends could divide a nation
the scream poster stolen from area dorm room
will forte's gross beard test results will make you want to shave
george h.w. bush moved out of icu after health improved
france's sarkozy calls for two-speed eu, tighter borders
single-engine cessna crashes into bush
fyi, not all moms transform into hardcore tea drinkers on mother's day
italy, japan advance to g8 finals
obama praises 'the america i know,' says hillary clinton is the one to lead it
18 alternatives to those played-out dorm-room posters
2 men indicted in bacon vandalism at islamic center
pawn-shop customer plans to buy toaster back
supreme court legalizes gay marriage after landmark 193,000,000-115,000,000 decision
historical archives: to be sold - rather large buttons
did the hurricanes change the climate debate?
pfizer death penalty drug decision greeted by activists – but states fight on
kanye west and kim kardashian provide blueprint for true love at vmas
al franken tearfully announces intention to step down from role as harasser of women
record-breaking rainstorms pummel carolinas
10 things not to do before your next race
22-year-old gets job at website
edward snowden takes on liz cheney over torture links to trump's pick for cia
judge overturns conviction of innocent man sentenced to life more than 40 years ago
study finds older dads may have 'geekier' sons
if you trust big corporations, don't read this
justin trudeau continues to melt hearts, teaching son how to make s'mores
harper's index: percentage of harper's readers who only read index: 98
a pennsylvania house race embodies the fight for the future of the democratic party
baby goes all homer simpson while tasting bacon for the first time
dog unaware it isn't starving
this is not how you play frisbee, but we love it anyway
nobel prize winners demand better health care for victims of sexual violence in colombia
the writing life: hugs, peace, and pray
i helped immigrant artists get visas. and the process is a bureaucratic mess.
trump reveals how he would force mexico to pay for border wall
area man to attend grad school to find a girlfriend
all of man's time-wasting websites exhausted before lunch
pope john paul ii, longtime owner of popemobile, dead at 84
why these five numbers shouldn't limit your potential
what motivates a whistleblower?
brian willams and the flip wilson defense
on losing my first friend
these two words are stealing your freedom
ups tweeted -- then deleted -- a bizarre mlk jr message
mexicans sweeping the nation
mit researchers discover each other
9 signs you're winning at the grandparenting game
google once made a promise not to be evil. will alphabet uphold it?
damning evidence shows actor al jolson wearing blackface
you can finally get kendall and kylie jenner's new video game
justice breyer unable to look at anything without deliberating constitutionality of it
train crash in pakistan kills at least four and injures dozens
donors giving to orlando victims' fund at a record rate
nature's trust (part 1)
4 ways to survive your darkest days
on emmett till, black death spectacle, and cultural (mis)appropriation
donating -- is it the american way?
suicide bombing a cry for help, vengeance against the infidel
human feet originally used for walking, anthropologists report
report: only 893,000 news stories to go until 2016 election over
1930s comedian pretty sure he's outsmarted murphy bed
thursday's morning email: north korea may be prepping its most powerful nuclear test
'cool jobs' for baby boomers who want to work in retirement
frat guide includes freshman hotness scale to 'get you guys laid'
4 parenting tips that are music to your ears
james cameron says jack from 'titanic' had to die because of art
rebel wilson sings the google translate versions of classic holiday songs
nostalgic scientists rediscover polio vaccine
eric trump says those who oppose his dad are 'not even people'
amazon pulls racist 'slavery gets s**t done' products from website
man with hammer-induced thumb injury appeals to christ almighty
elizabeth warren: donald trump's presidency 'feels like dog years'
son in iraq or something
mom saw a bunch of photos from women's march online
e. coli ready to treat itself to some beef after weeks of nothing but salad
eighty percent of al-qaeda no. 2s now dead
report: majority of married people get up and go to second family's house as soon as spouse asleep
it's 2016. do you know where your bombs are falling?
trumpcare is coming to iowa, and your state may be next
here is the 8th person who was at donald trump jr.'s meeting with russians
teacher seniority: the seat belts of the education profession
the 5 tax mistakes you're making right now
cubs eliminated from playoff contention
21 useful white elephant gifts under $20
nation's movie theaters bracing for 'hansel and gretel' being perhaps the biggest hit of all time
greenpeace releases rescued dolphins into forest
dog breeders unveil new mastiffeagle
newly discovered fossils reveal prehistoric humans were bony
here's carrie fisher in 'one of the most entertaining interviews ever'
here's what 'all my life' singers k-ci & jojo look like now
paul ryan grudgingly impressed by angry protester who's matched his running pace for 9 miles
biologists confirm foxes sneakiest little fuckers in animal kingdom
'meow-nisota' all ears for internet cat video festival
tonight's dnc program to be just 3 hours of osama bin laden's blown-off face projected onto screen
why fashion blogger hannah stoudemire is protesting new york fashion week
shower caddy coated in dazzling multicolor array of various soap films
subscribing to success
employee worries coworker's computer screen may be larger
alumni furious over high school's constant improvements
headline with words 'hiv baby' in it somehow turns out okay
celebrating christmas
world's last bob hope fan dies of old age
housing prices spike as tech employee takes stroll through neighborhood
the ncaa will keep events out of north carolina unless hb2 is repealed
toaster really hitting its stride recently
cross-shaped wwi monument declared unconstitutional
network faces backlash after putting white woman in 'brownface' to appear muslim
big day at the united nations
people are going nuts over disturbingly realistic penis lipsticks
house haunted by elks club members
white house guidance counselor recommends clinton consider career in hotel management
hulu's 'the handmaid's tale' adds joseph fiennes, will be b-a-n-a-n-a-s
how can illinois trim its massive amount of local government bodies?
jack antonoff opens up about struggling with depression
astronaut tim peake completes london marathon in space, sets world record
new facebook notifications alert users when they not currently looking at facebook
thalia cassuto remembers when birth control became legal. she's fighting to keep it that way.
the epa is 'brainwashing our kids' says climate change denier sen. jim inhofe
drive-time commute jam-packed with entertainment
study: only 4 scenic routes left in country
lone man with six-pack 'partying'
home depot employee can tell this customer's first attempt at pipe bomb
kourtney kardashian has a girls' night out with her hollywood crew
police department reduces costs by using same evidence for every investigation
the one obamacare provision that could blow up a republican repeal
yeah, area man is drunk... so?
to cure cancer, biden says have to overcome 'cancer politics'
bakery owner vows to stop making wedding cakes altogether after pro-gay court ruling
millennium actually starts in 2001, terrorists note
5 bags that fit the new carry-on suggestions (photos)
siri calls 911 for teen pinned under fallen truck
rolling stones kick off 'sing our songs for us' tour
american torturing jobs increasingly outsourced
jordan klepper destroys gop bill that sells 'good guy with a gun' myth
doll overstays dollhouse welcome
wall street lobbyists and d.c. "insiders" wrong (again) on dol conflict of interest rule
the truth about generic vs. brand-name medications
processing the facts: what will ferguson's legacy be?
how to find 'secret' discounted airfare
stunning health benefits of cotton candy proposed
walletless biden found handcuffed to bedpost
lesser piece of paper used to test pen's viability
samsung slashes profit forecast after pulling plug on note 7 smartphone
atlantic ocean excited to move into beautiful beachfront mansion soon
heinz introduces new quick-recovery sports ketchup
watch ellen slap jennifer aniston silly
retired politician accused of molesting 103-year-old former in-law
styrofoam clamshell hiding exquisite pearl of pulled pork sandwich
'tis the season to be cheeky with 'jingle butts' music video
nypd officers suspended after witnesses say they didn't check on woman later found dead
man approaches unfamiliar shower knobs like he breaking wild stallion
regarding (and remembering) susan sontag
ever wish you could live inside your favorite book? you can at this incredible new place
cruz calls trump 'serial philanderer' and 'pathological liar' in blistering attack
spring cleaning life hacks
bags filled with sand still most advanced u.s. anti-flood technology
philadelphiatheatreco. celebrates 40 with stars aligned
5 pointz landlord says his luxury condos will be just like the graffiti mecca he destroyed
my birthday is a day of infamy
donald trump didn't actually roll back any legal protections for transgender kids
artist merges genders with her late lover as ultimate artistic collaboration (nsfw)
want better behaved kids? tell them they're so loved
broke dad makes son playstation 2 for christmas
a primer on the press and the white house
corporate retreat teaches employees how to dick around as team
no one in limo going to prom with the one they wanted
physician shoots off a few adderall prescriptions to improve yelp rating
philip morris lawyers deny cigarettes are cylindrical
you to receive 15 pounds of venison sausage from uncle
report: some small town enjoying last days of anonymity before harrowing tragedy
watch: pearl jam randomly break out into 'let it go' in italy
camel cash gaining strength against the dollar
president who bragged of groping women declares sexual assault awareness month
former pennsylvania congressman sentenced to 10 years in prison
jeff bezos assures amazon employees that hr working 100 hours a week to address their complaints
corporation surprised to see its tax money circle back around to it so soon
ai scientists theorize existence of numbers greater than 1
celine dion performs emotional tribute at the billboard music awards
touching video shows what it's really like to raise grandkids
when area waitress gets a chance
the politics of presidential dieting
everyone glad someone else making small talk with disabled woman
cricket located
nation throws off tyrannical yoke of moderate respect for women
new report shows many u.s. businesses actually just fronts for moneymaking operations
joe paterno's name to remain on joe paterno center for covering up sexual abuse
election night orgy shifts positions so everyone can see results come in
i am a public school teacher. give me all the refugees you've got!
an heir to the chilean presidency: isabel allende bussi
evidence piling up mom slept with one of her college professors
unhappy couple staying together for one of their children
donald trump says he's 'troubled' by oklahoma police shooting
quiz: where should you live abroad?
mariah carey reveals her bipolar ii diagnosis in candid interview
new endangered species: deficit hawk
greyhound now charging customers $15 fee to vomit in aisle
fema unveils nationwide phone tree in case of emergency
it's going to be a while before uber replaces car ownership
criminal prosecuted to fullest extent of budget
man makes quick call to parents so next week's call to ask for money doesn't seem that bad
health insurance ceo reveals key to company's success is not paying for customers' medical care
women who loot
royal wedding photographer feeling pretty guilty about time he ran princess di off road
the fight to overturn citizens united: what happens now?
new google streep view to provide panoramic imagery of meryl streep
study finds americans lead world in ability to justify unnecessary purchases
inside los angeles' first ever marijuana farmers' market
nasa celebrates 60th anniversary of launching first moon to orbit earth
troop leader awards boy scout with 'tried to save best friend' badge
beijing, brazil, 7-1: awareness shift in soccer, society
gears of war crimes court finds 2006 locust horde massacre justified
young billionaire's age not reported for sake of nation's ego
idris elba doesn't think he — or any man — is right for the role of james bond
bisexual: the new 'it' word
juan gabriel wins first ever latin grammys three months after death
congress names very special prosecutor
budweiser american lager purchased at tavern
this is what the most annoying co-workers have in common
police: man fatally shoots self while demonstrating how to clean gun
report: standing at work can increase coworkers' disdain up to 70%
how donald trump created the worst week any candidate's ever had
dad's previously unheard-of friend dies
guest searches hand towel for low-traffic area
in india, gaps in quality of care leave women seeking sterilization vulnerable
what it's like to have face blindness
chemical weapons almost certainly killed jewish refugees the u.s. could have taken in
chicago west makes her debut in kylie jenner's baby announcement
breaking: has the word 'breaking' lost all its meaning?
report: antismoking group has never even tried cigarettes
drug deal goes great
congress votes to intervene in local wedding
george lucas announces gala 21st anniversary star wars rerelease
key gop senator will oppose donald trump's arms deal with saudi arabia
tony the tiger, toucan sam and other kellogg's mascots 'speak out' against bullying
chinese cyber-attacks: will the united states step up its active cyber defense posture?
rotating knife vortex closed pending safety investigation
wife already knows the one thing she'll say that can never be taken back
controversial study links e-cigarettes to formaldehyde exposure
samantha bee airs her first ever 'trump-positive' piece
the 'tomb raider' trailer is here and we already miss angelina jolie
the smart way to sell your clothes on ebay
headphones-wearing pedestrian loudly proclaims iron man status
americans give thumbs down to donald trump's debate attacks
someone's job riding on success of antacid gum
tiger always checked out of local zoo
asghar farhadi wins big after boycotting oscars over trump's muslim ban
why democrats don't need wall street
drone places fresh kill on steps of white house
warpaint's theresa wayman on the band's 'vivid' new album and inevitably questioning her career
completely uninhibited party guest still choosing to talk about work
is the gates foundation investing in the abuse of palestinian prisoners?
10 things your mom never told you about work
why a bipartisan health care bill might make sense -- for republicans
'mother mary was essentially raped,' mourdock says while digging self into deeper hole
londoners 2 percent less polite about terrorism following bombings
semester at sea students steal anchor for dorm room
a presidency under siege
encouraging new study indicates majority of u.s. students can now recognize math
long john silver's customer finds deep-fried poseidon head in value meal
from bicycles to spaceships (video)
teachers union claims the 'trump effect' is warping kids' minds
objection, your honor
nation watches in envy as 15-year-old jots notes in margin of 'to kill a mockingbird'
report: guy on bench going to town on meatball sub
sean hannity: donald trump should deny press credentials to major news outlets
joe arpaio's family surprises him with detained hispanic motorist
democrats want to make sure trump sees the faces of those hurt by his travel ban
there sure were a bunch of white nationalists at cpac, huh?
depressed groundhog sees shadow of rodent he once was
minimum-wage increases: the justice of redistribution
report: majority of add cases go undiagnosed until child's first public failure
michael flynn caught lying about russia talks, reports say
woman unaware she's only person on acid at james taylor concert
guerrilla stunt jumper's pool plummet will make your jaw drop
woman thinks she would make a great talk-show host
brendan fraser to star in new pre-movie trivia question
burger king introduces new healthy deep-steamed french fries
5 lessons i've learned raising a boy
romney during victory speech: 'man, this is a weak field'
watch bill murray turn march madness to gladness once again
local teen walks in on family masturbating
john legend kissing chrissy teigen's stomach is peak them
i misplaced my fancy camera on assignment in peru, but my iphone saved the day
ancient gravestone used as battering ram in lightning jewelry store heist
area units really moving
u.s. judge dismisses copyright infringement case against shakira
trump's trade war is an incompetent response to a real problem
how you can help stop children from being placed in adult prisons
$80 million movie scrapped after footage reveals brad pitt had spinach stuck in teeth for entire film
katy perry shines bright like a diamond
here's what clinton and trump were really thinking about during the debate
rahm emanuel concerned gun violence could spread to parts of city he gives shit about
flat soda
graduates, take your time
dreamcatcher on rearview mirror protects sleeping driver
busy woman keeps best-dressed oscar slideshow tab open to be savored as sumptuous feast at her leisure
pope francis condemns growing healthcare inequality in wealthy countries
9 things you're doing that drive your doctor crazy
the quiet global transformation of global development
archaeologists discover cave where ancient humans first had to pretend to like friend's art
internal weakness openly shared with coworkers
insufferable 8-year-old won't stop chanting 'romney'
7 things that separate average workers from rock stars
obama pledges to do more to stop the 'epidemic of gun violence'
in kenya's forbidden forests, conservation can turn violent
there is no 'alt-right.' there is only white supremacy.
expert conversation: 'the right to luxury could constitute a legitimate claim'
how to dress up for the holidays with stuff you already own
cameron monaghan and peyton list star in the next big ya movie adaptation
merriam-webster has six simple words for those sexist 'doctor who' fans
independent-film festival crushed by paramount troops
you can score free mcdonald's when you buy a taco bell breakfast
world hunger: can new frito-lay zestitos solve the problem?
danny elfman on the ups and downs of his relationship with tim burton
hug factory
curiosity rover to explore massive martian synagogue
this mountain bike trail is nothing short of terrifying
'house of cards' tweet about the comey testimony is spot on
ozone repletion project nearly finished
jeff bridges just proved he really is the dude
christ's face seen on miracle canvas
'without them you could buy anything,' whispers amazon echo as man stares blankly at family
the moment cynthia nixon realized 'sex and the city' was more than just 'a funny show'
khloe kardashian rocks out with mason disick
universe honors david bowie with emotional starlight vigil
a state senate race tied to personal appeal
mike pence to anti-abortion crowd: trump's supreme court pick will be in the mold of antonin scalia
bush arrives at debate wearing flight suit
the sexiest hotels in the dominican republic
stadium humors old man on stage, sings along to 'hey jude'
what to eat to curb your cravings
radical cleric acquitted of conspiracy charges
'affluenza' mom tonya couch has curfew eased so she can find a job
blm protest at london airport calls out environmental inequality
the one phrase we should stop using
philippine hitman says he heard duterte order killings
middle couch cushion has clearly had harder life
family hoping mother knows birthday nature walk a one-time thing
white attacker allegedly tells black man, 'i can kill you and nothing will happen'
seth meyers hilariously explains holiday-themed teen slang
a recap of snowden's talk in hawaii (video)
brad pitt promises 1,000 years of peace
shake it off: what i learned from a negative review
aids baby lays tiny hand in palm of 'onion' reporter
#explainthe90sin4words resurfaces '90s pop culture references
here's your first look at 'fear the walking dead'
report: only .00003% of things that happen actually matter
'scooter' libby wishes he'd ditched nickname before media coverage
we got top pollsters to recount the most bizarre things they've ever polled
deep orange sun slowly, beautifully setting on topher grace's career
audio guide clearly hates degas
crullers explained
director of census bureau calls for updated population report after realizing he forgot to count himself
elizabeth warren wades into democratic party's debate on candidates' abortion views
trump shifts to infrastructure as james comey prepares to testify
'out of sight': 360-degree film series on diseases the world ignores
friends star spontaneously shown attending televised nbc sporting event
sean hannity informs building tenants about deep-state conspiracy forcing him to triple rent
brie larson's 'trainwreck' audition was going to lunch with judd apatow and amy schumer
indianapolis sports reporter pours his little heart out in peyton manning retirement column
biden investigated for questionable workers' comp claim
real love isn't about finding someone who meets all the criteria on your list
why trevor noah thinks hillary clinton will never connect with people
fussy eater 38
syrian army helicopter crashes; crew captured by rebels
trans texans share emotional responses on rejection of lgbt discrimination measure
'snl' stars have the perfect comeback to trump's angry tweets
johnson & johnson introduces new leave-in q-tips
hope hicks named white house communications director
mike pence brings wife up onstage to help demonstrate how much contact appropriate before marriage
shaky ukrainian ceasefire largely holds
the odd couple in today's office:  millennials reverse mentor baby boomers
area man crawling on ground like pig to plug macbook power cord behind desk
5 awesome acts of revenge that qualify as creative genius
tearful elon musk warns about dangers of ai after having heart broken by beautiful robotrix
how to register voters in a south carolina jail
handwriting expert confirms killer used cursive
3,500-year-old dagger was used as a doorstop
study: 73% of bedroom closets have wife's boy toy crouched naked inside
myth of white supremacy is now out in the open
the fda should even the score for women's sexual health
what to expect when you're expecting a couch
study finds eating doctor after birth can provide essential nutrients to new mothers
watch this comedy editor hilariously mockument his return to standup
missouri gov. eric greitens refuses to resign despite calls from his own party
how much will black lives matter in trump's america?
queer icon kate bornstein reflects on queer and trans identity in 2015
bernie kicks into overdrive in nh
bill clinton: trump attacks on hillary clinton 'fact-free'
i'm no longer addicted to giving up facebook!
7 totally reasonable ways to handle your divorce, according to hollywood
man who saw 'star wars: the force awakens' 6 times over holidays thought it was pretty good
grab them by the… hand: donald trump's disturbing nonverbal behavior
maya angelou, poet, author, civil rights activist, and—holy cow—tony award–nominated actress, college professor, magazine editor, streetcar conductor—really? streetcar conductor? wow—calypso singer, nightclub performer, and foreign journalist, dead at 86
fisherman killed by whale moments after rescuing it from nets
how hotels are capitalizing on what business travelers value most
journalist wondering where to mention getting yelled at by u.s. president in article
burmese python shocked at amount of stress man holding in his neck
quiznos releases new 6-foot-long party man
phish's epic run for the ages
kentucky clerk asks court to force governor to let her deny gay marriages
the damaging belief that's keeping you from finding calm
violence erupts ahead of u.s. embassy opening in jerusalem
studio audience wants show to be over
'these storms are just crazy': craft beer brewers feel effects of climate change
a week in brooklyn, new york, on a $55,000 salary
huffpost rise: what you need to know on january 25
what winning really means
tractor-pull fans begin to question whether this is what life is really about
republicans are killing this regulation in order to save it
universe feels zero connection to guy tripping on mushrooms
new biography reveals einstein devised theory of relativity on paper because he wasn't smart enough to invent microsoft word
the last broadcast
hero shop saves hundreds from hunger
jaded seismologist can no longer feel anything under 7.0 on richter scale
a measles outbreak is growing in arizona
fabled burger king employee places single onion ring in everyone's fries
the republican tax plans are all basically insane
u.s. dignity reserves nearly depleted
huffpost rise: what you need to know on february 2
20 last-minute mother's day gifts that will still arrive in time
actually, suicide not the easy way out for area quadriplegic
coming soon: a new 'fraggle rock' movie
moms need to get away, too!
'strange looking' pup finds the perfect family
advertising executive gets in touch with inner-child demographic
voter dreading being sent over to visibly stupid poll worker
michigan state took too long with sexual assault cases, federal investigation finds
cbs news partners with twitter for second democratic debate
grandfather's advice pretty bad for someone who's lived that long
gop candidates bound to feel 'climate shock' on the  campaign trail
senator honored for work with overprivileged americans
secretary of education under investigation for falsifying hall passes
donald trump actually tries to explain his wall to stephen colbert
ben affleck and matt damon's company to add inclusion rider to all films
u.s. worried about living up to netanyahu campaign promises
wall street doesn't believe elon musk can produce 500,000 cars by 2018
vanilla ice, mc hammer co-sign apartment lease
'oh god, what happened last night?' says groggy mike pence after waking up in same bed as wife
bus-stop ad has more legal protections than average citizen
hillary clinton wins massachusetts' democratic primary
financially struggling trump campaign holds fundraising riot
my quest to become a queer crippled hero: how my origin story shaped who i am as a queer disabled man
mom wants to ensure kids of color have party supplies that represent them
new visa talking credit card urges buyers to go for it
atheists join hindus, vegans, satanists in asking for state capitol monument
president trump, don't hurt americans by sabotaging the aca
this awesome dad crafts intricate toast breakfasts for daughter with allergies
what's it like being blind and gay? (video)
trump supporter has few backup scapegoats ready to go in case crackdown on immigrants doesn't fix everything
desperate 'time' magazine announces 'man of june'
james blake says cop who slammed him 'doesn't deserve' to have badge
hbo presentation fails to deliver promised 'brief nudity'
actors who have dated multiple costars
nelson mandela celebrates 94th birthday in prison after violating parole
these republicans have a plan for tackling climate change
neighbor arriving home at same time offers brief, beguiling glimpse inside apartment
justice kennedy out for rest of session with tear in adjudicatory tendon
oscar mayer inedibles not huge success
thewrap sparks change to california law protecting digital media
palestinians prepare for massive ground invasion
smoker inspired by sight of elderly smoker
sudan used chemical weapons in deadly darfur attacks, amnesty says
racists charged in terror plot against somali refugees get a nearly all white jury
critics say kentucky's new 'religious freedom' bill targets lgbtq students
aliens might be way bigger than we ever imagined
what to do if you feel traumatized by the las vegas shooting
'rupaul's drag race all stars 3' episode 5 recap: the warhol ball crowns one pop art queen
reports: pixar executive takes leave of absence after sexual harassment complaints
audubon society reveal they've only seen, like, 3 birds
dunkin' donuts/baskin robbins/pizza hut/taco bell/long john silver's opens
fender introduces new line of sympathy and bereavement guitars
gawker's season of fear and loathing
do you know why i'm pulling you over, being wildly aggressive, and charging you with assault today, sir?
why post-debate instant polls are terrible
'riverdale' star lili reinhart apologizes for insensitive halloween tweet
astronomers discover tiny, shy moon hiding in the shadows of the solar system
creative writing professor takes time to give every student personalized false hope
nation's tracy chapman fan 'can't wait' for lilith fair
area woman's safety net braces for another impact
area man marks territory on bench with sweaty thigh outline
transcanada shelves its u.s. keystone application
months of painstaking practice critiquing celebrity fashion comes down to this for area woman
white house says enviros love this trade pact, but enviros say otherwise
william safire orders two whoppers junior
tracy k. smith is america's new poet laureate
david petraeus: white house is wrong, generals are 'fair game' for criticism
fuming rachel maddow spends entire show just pointing wildly at picture of putin
another bunch of southerners dead
fireflies almost salvage man's shitty day
four consequences of a $15 minimum wage
arianna tells bill maher about trump's lasting contribution to american life
plastic surgeon has leathery wife
wildfire somehow rages back into control
tuesday's morning email: trump's bad press just got worse
god admits he was in pretty bad place while creating universe
carlos santana surprises wife with coupon for free 45-minute guitar solo
international aids conference attendees receive complimentary gift bag full of awesome aids gear
friday talking points -- mcconnell for sale!
homeless man takes massive risk to save his dog
jimmy kimmel accuses clothing company of 'stealing ideas' from his daughter
five-year-old convinced dinosaur bones are buried in backyard
grandparents' super sweet birthday serenade will make you tear up
james comey to testify he told trump he wasn't under investigation (udpate)
scientists discover mollusks are next evolutionary stage for humans
misophonia: when sufferers are full of sound and fury
report: authorities recommend the film 'you've got mail' for those snowed in today
corporate america's staggering sexism, in 1 chart
the new ireland
man with serious mental illness committed to city bus
health-food-store worker dies of vitamin lung
paul ryan's wonk shtick is getting old
thirtysomething scientists unveil doomsday clock of hair loss
deadly suicide blast hits afghan capital
birthday boy admits accepting gifts
breathalyzer big hit at cop party
judge joe brown begins jail sentence for contempt of court charge
finding purpose in the universe
artists are drawing the faces of marginalized people in an effort to spread love
clinton already working on follow-up book casting blame for failures of first
selene chin: ground yourself with the right skills
house democrats on record-breaking fundraising pace
clinton camp mastered the science of politics but forgot the art, staffers say
can nonprofit management usurp board responsibilities?
pope francis attends outdoor mass in cutoff denim vestments
pediatricians announce 2011 newborns are ugliest babies in 30 years
don't rely on your fitness tracker to lose weight
you might want to cut back on the soap
bausch & lomb introduces line of aviator contacts
7 everyday habits for glowing, younger-looking skin
report: sky normal today
bernie sanders to propose new rule requiring fair prices for taxpayer-funded drugs
friend who listened to podcast on watergate bursts into conversation with guns fucking blazing
economists warn new graduates may have to tough it out for 5 to 6 weeks before landing dream job
how the uk is strengthening interfaith bonds after paris attacks
historical archives: dances you may wish to try
god seeking to crack down on souls smuggling drugs into heaven
this 'brilliant' new technology could spell the demise of the flu shot
confronting isil: the day and decade "after"
mark zuckerberg continues to insist facebook could not possibly have influenced election
the controversial way some california schools are handling students' misbehavior
proposed immigration law calls for u.s. to shut down border slide
bill up and dies in tennessee legislature
tina fey tells the 'most american white lady story' in new movie, 'whiskey tango foxtrot'
hydra decides to see doctor about painful ingrown head
7 things every homeowner should do before going on vacation
hillary clinton hints at presidential ambitions by concealing information from american people
woman agrees to pay for wrong lottery ticket, then wins $5 million
it is not all farm to table
puppy dies adorable death
north korean prisoners temporarily put into american detention camp to help ease shock of return
the truly uncool thing 'transformers 5' does to anthony hopkins
mourners unable to comprehend last 20 minutes of kubrick's life
why eating salmon is so damn good for your skin
excited white house staffer sends parents 'new york times' article quoting her as anonymous source
fox news and cnn win cable network ratings wars in third quarter
12-year-old camper excited to meet girls who will torture her for rest of summer
mind the (gender) gap
world wildlife fund now just trying to get few nice photos of every species for posterity
is disability in?
wilbur ross shakes self awake after briefly dying during cabinet meeting
need for coffee overrides scalding sensation
millions of gallons of oil spill into washington from ruptured rex tillerson
official texas republican platform says more than half the state is gay
being overweight makes the brain age faster -- much faster
opium-inspired ad executive composes epic tums jingle
nation praying for super nasty luge accident
guatemalan earthquake registers 0.3 on area man's consciousness
stick shift bragged about
trump calls black supporter 'thug,' throws him out of rally
viola davis makes powerful demand on behalf of women of color at women's march
aztec extremists cut out visiting pope's heart
the most dangerous beaches for shark attacks in the u.s.
men don't have it all
news roundup for july 12, 2017
roy moore says religious liberty 'comes from god,' not the constitution
will ferrell reprises his role as george w. bush for samantha bee
uber escalates war with regulators over self-driving cars
pathetic excuse for man paid same wage as female counterpart
teacher removed from classroom over white nationalist podcast says it's satire
lessons from your future self
this country's capital just made it punishable to catcall women
dead deer by side of road covered in graffiti
man surrounded by loved ones feels awkward being only person dying
buchanan reveals thousands of americans made in china
heavily starched shirt only thing keeping larry king upright
cash-strapped npr launches 'a couple things considered'
what your brain actually does when you multitask
conflict and late rains drive thousands from their homes in somalia
the freaky thing your brain can do while you're asleep
9 personal trainer tips for mastering the weight room
former big celebrity finds new career as pathetic former celebrity
scant oversight, corporate secrecy preceded us weed killer crisis
un: israeli freeze on palestinian permits after attack may be collective punishment
astronomers discover previously unknown cluster of nothingness in deep space
donald trump goes after wsj 'dummies' for criticizing his debate performance
civil unrest in sierra leone concerns npr listener
white house declares war on dsl provider
here's why women shouldn't be afraid to ask for a raise
'never trump' movement isn't impressed with its rumored presidential pick
latina business owner faces death threats for appearing onstage at donald trump rally
area mom convinced 30-year-old daughter would be married by now if she just brushed her hair more
the cosmic mass: one priest's quest to reinvent worship for the 21st century
i'm a republican, but this isn't the tax reform our country needs
cop takes cinnamon bun into own hands
fda deems genetically modified salmon too handsome to eat
only time employee has ever done job is when training replacement
why is a central bank taking the risks of quantitative easing?
"that bastard kushner..."
network executive cancels show after ruining it in development
florida man killed after standing up for gay friends, witnesses say
indy 500 winner speaks out on newspaper columnist's racist tweet
largest ever all-female expedition sets sail for antarctica
will this be the china century?
thriving 'onion' puts another print edition out of business
fearmongers, warmongers gather for annual mongering conference
"they said, i'm sorry, because you weren't physically injured, you can't go to the private events."
watch live:  equal pay day rally with powher ny at city hall
something sliding around in coffin
learning right gives you might
congress raises killing age to 19
trapped chilean miners considering how funny it would be if they all died right as rescuers completed tunnel
bitter concession speeches the only things americans looking forward to in upcoming midterms
christie brinkley looks better than ever in barneys spring campaign
egyptian woman wishes screaming protester husband would go bonkers for her once in a while
netanyahu provides stunning new evidence that iranians planned sacking of babylon in 539 b.c.
clinton blasts obama for slamming edwards jab
what this dad realized when he patted himself on the back for 'helping'
african children given 30,000 unused 'save darfur' t-shirts
new sealy mattress recreates feeling of falling asleep on bus
why trump's lies and transgressions appeal to his followers
fired u.s. attorney preet bharara said to have been investigating hhs secretary tom price
islamophobia and charlie hebdo
oscars line up five non-white presenters
michelle obama seen outside walking family rhinoceros
man not belonging to movie's target demographic escorted from theater by hollywood officials
dirty, bearded vince foster bursts through doors of clinton fundraiser
area man really banking on unconditional love doing most of heavy lifting for mother's day bouquet
taco bell employee somehow dressed down by manager
mysterious carving of a woman's face emerges during church restoration
another white house iftar, another ramadan without my brother
old dryer abandoned by train tracks now a vital part of ecosystem
nba free agency winners and losers
watch now: oprah interviews arianna
gop makes good on 2009 promise to block president's healthcare bill
trees planted in poor neighborhood mature just in time for gentrification
steven spielberg recalls coming to blows with e.t. on film set
chimp study on human-evasion response to feces-hurling nearly complete
fans excited as 'solo' trailer sheds light on specifically how it will suck
hydraulic press crushes the immortal soul out of halloween
large dependent film tops weekend box office
alabama marriage equality tantrum is a slap in the face to all americans
foie gras, scallops snuck into opera house
report: nation thinking about big, warm piece of cinnamon coffee cake right now
ruth bader ginsburg is confident we'll get out of this mess
professor sees parallels between things, other things
report: some americans may not work in offices
china unveils its first restaurant inside an airplane
emancipated gay: challenging the lgbt stronghold on what it means to be gay
thandie newton recalls disgusting encounter with repulsive male director
jesse helms treed by coon hounds
how big corporations buy access to the supreme court
secret service agent learning a lot from malia's '18th century european history' seminar
w. kamau bell chimes in on politics and racism
freshman bares her soul to entire dorm floor in first week
bush hides u.s. report card in sock drawer
the same old march
republican congressman terrifies constituents even more by assuring them he read every part of healthcare bill
obama unsure how to turn huge support among women, latinos, gays, african-americans into electoral victory
why political losers tell us more about american politics than the winners
senate's turn to act on patent reform this week
pepsi ceo: kendall jenner ad 'made me scratch my head'
excited nation already lining up outside irs offices in anticipation of tax day
17-year-old snowboarder wins united states' first gold medal in pyeongchang
dan quayle on standby to take over as bush family patriarch after george h.w. admitted to icu
man always insists you toss him keys rather than just hand them to him
yolo joe: 11 reasons why biden should jump in already
area woman can't bring herself to pardon store's appearance
cristiano ronaldo reportedly scores another baby-on-the-way after twins' birth
ohio mom thanks kind cashier who cheered up her 3-year-old son
rob kardashian apparently tweeted kylie jenner's phone number
hillary clinton reveals zero in non-candid, tell-nothing interview
mother trying her best to project same amount of insecurities onto all her daughters
kate moss and naomi campbell return to the runway together for a special reason
poll reveals you live in country where mentally ill man still has good chance of being senator
watch: 'the huffpost show' sizzle reel
sherpa can already tell you're not going to make it
new obesity drug delicious
robbie krieger goes 51 minutes without mentioning jim morrison
'yogi bear' movie introduces boring cartoon character to new generation
ted danson tries to steer interview back toward becker
red cross accused of wartime non-profiteering
hippie very involved in hippie non-sports
condé nast agrees to $5.8 million settlement in intern lawsuit
'nurse jackie' star haaz sleiman comes out as gay and a 'total bottom'
what on earth do you have to do to be kicked out of politics?
jews' covenant up for renewal with god
woman nervously reaches for cell phone as suspicious black man tells her today's soup is minestrone
everyone in sporting goods store looking for something to get on stepson's good side
thank you, dishonest media!
5 years of progress: time for patients over politics
hulking strongman now only voice of reason in republican party
having kids radically reshapes parents' immune systems
trump's paid parental leave plan is a non-starter
the equality house hit by 7 bullets, graffitied in anti-lgbtq attack
single woman has facebook profile picture with sister
business solutions can make trade more inclusive
local woman dies of lost cell phone
wikipedia users surprised nobody's made page for john lennon yet
ayman al-zawahiri delivers tedtalk on changing face of terrorism
report: fritz a fine name for a boy
4 bold lip looks for spring
five emerging trends for the u.s. elections
superintendent allegedly calls female dress code violators 'skanks'
trump campaign selects mike pence as concrete reminder that this all really happening
study finds 73% of marble statuettes of achilles used to beat to death wealthy dowager
huckabee backs denying abortion to 10-year-old raped by stepfather
we're spending less on health care than we thought we would before obamacare
leftist friends gather as castro funeral cortege reaches final destination
coke party takes a couple minutes to get going
retiring teacher moved to tears by surprise flash mob on her last day
uber pulls a u-turn, decides tipping is ok after all
loss of virginity more humiliating than original virginity
republican sen. gardner torches sessions over pot reversal
glass-encased ar-15 behind gun shop counter in safest hands it will ever be
courtroom artist clearly infatuated with bailiff
knife-throwing, plate-spinning congressman dominates newscasts
cnn's john king now just swiping hands across everything
can america be saved?: how did 'yes, we can!' become 'no, we couldn't'? (part one)
steve bannon slurps still-twitching tail into mouth before giving opinion on syria
terri schiavo's corpse blown away by hurricane
josh gad would 'jump at the opportunity' for a 'book of mormon' movie
hugh laurie returns to the doctor game, except in chance he has none of the answers
who got next: creating pipelines for girls of color to be on the ballot
12 clever summer party ideas for people who are sick of bbqs
2 stabbed at party in wu tang clan founder rza's home
as officials attempt to protect dams, more houston neighborhoods deal with flooding
this is a middle-aged man's true path to happiness
dildo manufacturers association: nation must return to normalcy, purchase dildos
bi-curious man dials 1-900 number
trump's attitude towards sexual misconduct remains disturbing
this could be 'one of the warmest christmas days of your lifetime'
man with no real-life career goals knows exact job he'd want in harry potter universe
clinton 'very disappointed' in missouri
tim scott: every senator should read coretta scott king
cranberry juice industry hoping 2009 a big year for urinary tract infections
uber charges passenger over $14,000 for 5-mile ride across toronto
quick-lube shop masters electronic record keeping six years before medical industry
lazy fda approves x-ray vision pills
jeb bush would 'of course' support donald trump if he won the nomination
reporter hailed a 'patriot' for defying white house by live-streaming press briefing
e-cig users and vapers need to join anti-drug war movement
vicious carnivorous animals painted on baby's crib
jessica simpson is a vision in blue on date night with husband eric johnson
girl, 4, killed during apparent road rage attack
oscars officials warn only famous actors permitted to get political in acceptance speech
former 'bachelorette' ali fedotowsky expecting first baby with fiancé kevin manno
obama predicts bright future for legal weed
'rupaul's drag race all stars 3' episode 6 recap: which queen returned to the competition?
study finds college still more worthwhile than spending 4 years chained to  radiator
david bowie's son welcomes baby boy exactly six months after singer's death
every time area man drops by, friend is watching the big lebowski
top obama official: this is no iraq war
shocked dzhokar tsarnaev always thought classmates were really great judges of character
acid trip better planned than vacation
the conundrum of the midterms
'98 oscar mayer wienermobile car & driver's 10 best wienermobiles list
wapo releases first photos of jason rezaian reunited with family
florida man who landed gyrocopter at u.s. capitol rejects plea deals
florida resort allows guests to swim with miami dolphins
new technologies give government ample means to track suspects, study finds
patient referred to physician who specializes in giving a shit
man deeply suspicious after insurer covers prescription without hassle
surgeon general warns teens cinnamon challenge is not for pussies
caricaturist's self-portrait extremely forgiving
britney and her sons cover people magazine
here's yet another way to get paid to travel this summer
the incredible places in the world we would rather be today
reclaiming our faith in the era of trump
photographer creates awesomely surreal pics of his son
here's the real reason this so-called bernie bro cried at the dnc
easy wife gives it up on first date night
historical archives: sing ho! for the king of broil'd meats
watch pentagon video of the moment the 'mother of all bombs' exploded
our stylish new year's resolutions
a promise to the missing moms
why adults still experience back-to-school anxiety
the winners and losers of the nba draft lottery
nuclear energy advocates insist u.s. reactors completely safe unless something bad happens
trump fundraising still not in high gear
5 scientific reasons a beach vacation is necessary for your health
finance industry's 'macho attitude' about sleep has serious consequences
in celebration of our national anthem's bicentennial
temp replaced with cheaper temp
awestruck video-game fan describes brush with playstation 2
bill maher and sarah silverman are cowardly and silent when it comes to louis c.k.
ex-con still hanging out with hallucinatory voices that got him in trouble in first place
tom clancy really happy with how latest video game with his name on it came out
the washington post walks back report of steve bannon 'confrontation'
nicky romero's ultra evolution
trump blows up statue of liberty
woman on tv engulfed in animated credit-card bills
it's been 60 years and we're still failing
vanessa williams reveals plans for new album
pbs pulling out the fucking big guns tonight with 'andrea bocelli: one night in central park'
the overselling of ed tech
police group makes a big admission about 'justifiable' police shootings
gun dealer likely thwarted mass shooting by refusing sale: sheriff
one way to make college worth it: help students feel like someone cares about them
watch misty copeland dance to the heavenly sounds of cynthia erivo's voice
massive filament snakes across sun's surface
depleted hawaiian volcano now just coughing up bile
chorus to 'juke box hero' playing on repeat in monk's bowed head
kim kardashian's 11 best outfits of 2015
self-centered child blames divorce entirely on himself
get a hilarious glimpse into the world of a 'wedding hashtag designer'
america's 'overdose capital' is rising up, and it's time for the media to pay attention
billy bob thornton on being raised by a psychic mom
gop congressman urges self-rationing of health care after obamacare repeal
catholic parish divided over priest's decision to ban married gay couple from receiving communion
inside the senate's bipartisan move to gut post-crisis banking regulations
leslie jones confirms she's 'moved on' from milo yiannopoulos harassment
republicans keep trying to shut women down
the secret diet health industry professionals don't want you to know about!
the lost art of peeing in the shower
movie fails to deliver stupidity promised in preview
ken burns implores stanford graduates to believe sexual assault survivors
more national dog day celebrity tweets!
thanksgiving in a can: retro faves have long shelf life
authorities abandon search for missing girl after finding huge bass while dredging lake
nypd lets suspicious man go after only finding 'catcher in the rye' in backpack
trump boys sadly release pet alligator into lincoln memorial reflecting pool
nyc medical students won't accept obamacare repeal without a fight
what i never knew about motherhood
trump supporters are stepping up their attacks on bob mueller and the fbi
man paid more than enough to put up with this shit
huffpost hill - 'rand paul tongue guy' now a thing
steady job growth is still not boosting workers' pay, new numbers show
friday talking points -- gop anti-trump rants
family cell-phone plan area family's closest bond
you must hear this dog sneeze before you do anything else
bush calls for rock revolution in weekly pirate-radio address
why we should care about changes in the pharmaceutical industry
how to re-ignite the spark in your body, mind and soul
computer being stupid
wife's needs gross
annoyed reince priebus forced to wait in line behind other exiting white house staffers
iceberg sighs contentedly as it slowly lowers itself into warm arctic water
chuck schumer: democrats will filibuster neil gorsuch's nomination
donald trump: pulse attack 'wouldn't have happened' if 1 person had been armed
doctor will provide free surgeries for trans military personnel
billionaire reading name in panama papers totally forgot he even had funds in seychelles
dhs sets security alert level to green for 8 seconds
yes, donald trump is actually going on 'saturday night live' tonight
man just having one of those decades where he doesn't feel like doing anything
protesters clash with police during march to remember alton sterling
fumbling, inarticulate obituary writer somehow losing debate to christopher hitchens
what to do when you truly want to reinvent yourself
ritalin cures next picasso
fitness chain bans cable news for not being part of a healthy lifestyle
incompetent or a crook?
18-to-35 white, male demographic still searching for perfect way to quench its thirst
14 places to eat, drink and shop in new york city's chelsea market
this initiative aims to give aspiring female filmmakers the chance to work
celebrities: are they aware enough of aids?
dana loesch rethinking loyalties after seeing how much airtime teen activists getting
'breaking bad' creator thinking maybe next season should take dark turn
hey, which one of you wise guys teleported me into the future?
vulture feeling nauseous after eating bad rotting deer carcass
ex-marine says this rain nothing
hey, female directors, steven spielberg has some good news for you
new pub to cater to needs of irish
watch: dolphin knocks stand-up paddleboarder off his board
what i learned about my son is the best mother's day gift ever
comedian releases song to find her own rachel maddow
ted cruz will speak at the gop convention
'game of thrones' audience disappointed by season finale's bland, uninspired incest
not merely 'anti-trump,' the resistance seeks to re-normalize america
aging at home: does it have to be an uphill climb?
what my parents' divorce taught me about heartbreak
federal court ruling requires private businesses to install handicapped-accessible wheelchair jumps
magical office worker able to turn everything he touches into more work for colleagues
'aryan notions' opens sixth berlin location
obama practices defiant speech to aliens late at night behind oval office desk
mitch mcconnell: 'i didn't think president trump had a chance of winning'
congress adds 'all your base are belong to us' amendment to bankruptcy bill
what do kids need to know about race?
satellite images indicate north korea is working on a ballistic missile submarine
bush vomiting again
historical archives: a puzzle for the mind
'stranger things' kids already look like winners on the golden globes red carpet
pilot was locked out of cockpit before alps crash
man receives first baboon-face transplant
quiet riot speaks out against nation's poor metal health care
haunted corn maze owner has another conversation with zombie no. 2 about not touching
new york introduces shoe-sharing program for city's pedestrians
public school closures are an attack on arkansans of color
paul reiser, benevolent possessor of many american hearts, looking to direct
child who just wanted clothes spares uncle's feelings by pretending to like xbox
man races against time to take out trash bag with widening puncture
movie not nearly as awful as hoped
stone-hearted ice witch forgoes exclamation point
white house quietly retracts entire state of the union address
spain's harsh crackdown draws worldwide attention to catalonia
hot-dog craving ends after first bite
whoa, elsa might actually be the villain in 'frozen'
relationship not a power struggle, woman who's winning reports
what i want other parents to know about living with food allergies
suicide bombing: can parents spot the warning signs?
'i'm sorry i didn't finish the job'
obama revises campaign promise of 'change' to 'relatively minor readjustments in certain favorable policy areas'
two victims shot on texas southern university campus
khloe kardashian releases first statement since lamar odom's hospitalization
al franken will leave senate in early january
baby fox who was supposed to die finds man who believes in her
nancy reagan available at 82
watch live: cast of 'girls' dishes about new season
why i refuse to apologize for my selfies
the secret to speaking 'teen'
greece, creditors dig in as deadline nears
moderators give marco rubio 90 seconds to deliver closing statement of campaign
protests over police violence spread around u.s.
malnutrition rates are up worldwide. here's why.
a personal memory of former governor mario cuomo
mortified tampax ceo bursts into tears and runs out of boardroom after tampon falls out of briefcase
coping with holiday grief
julia stiles marries preston j. cook in intimate seattle beach wedding
paypal back up after suffering from temporary global outage
why toothpicks are the best cake testers
russian foreign minister and trump agree: no need to probe election meddling
postal service: 'and wait until you cocksuckers see what we do with wednesdays'
india is home to the world's first completely solar-powered airport
rival dojo in for big surprise at regionals
concerned text from mom ​gleefully ​mocked like ramblings of village idiot
father's day gift way shittier than mother's day gift
finding unique accommodations around the world
inside: what the stars were wearing at terrible movie's gala premiere
confused firefighters fail to rescue child wearing firefighter costume
prison now allowing death row inmates to receive weekly visitors throughout executions
families of japanese-american civil rights leaders join legal fight against travel ban
convulsing teen bleeding from eyes, nose thinks he can feel the synthetic weed kicking in
obama asks biden not to stand so close
white house defends jeff sessions leading fbi director search, despite recusal promise
single mother hogging 2 jobs
who said it: renowned racist george wallace or donald trump? we seriously can't tell.
how to tell if a dinosaur is fake
6 things new hampshire's exit polls tell us about this election
kristina reveals how she's dealing with dean after 'bachelor in paradise'
12 portable vegan snacks for when hunger hits
hillary clinton joins jennifer lopez onstage to encourage voters to 'get loud'
exhausted john kelly parks president in front of episode of 'tucker carlson' to get quick hour to himself
americans aren't thrilled with trump's threat of 'fire and fury' against north korea
vcr fast-forwarded with toe
dirty, disheveled scott pruitt confesses he spent last of epa funding weeks ago
kourtney kardashian thinks life without 'keeping up with the kardashians' would make her 'so happy'
nation's pansies announce plan to slowly acclimate to pool
your four-legged friends are leaving a serious carbon pawprint on the planet
royal baby spits up on great-grandmother
scientists crack mystery of tiny traveling plants
this valentine's day, more americans are searching for love online
this little girl's hilarious message to santa is peak sibling rivalry
nation would not be surprised at this point if chris brown allegedly traveled back in time and punched anne frank
early apple computer sells for almost $1 million at auction
why george w. bush should not march in selma
cnn anchor blames french muslims for failure to prevent attacks
gop's new plan to repeal obamacare is missing one obvious thing
the ultimate checklist for new parents
here's a reminder of how far donald trump has flip-flopped on health care
republican coma candidate dominates gop debate
area man puts on some nice pants for once in his life
scientific breakthrough reveals stars consist primarily of twinkles
stephen colbert shreds 'self-righteous landfill of angry garbage' bill o'reilly
erik estrada big in mexico
north korea says it's ready for war with massive military parade
area man seated next to lou reed on roller coaster
shelter dog eating own shit not exactly doing itself any favors
surfer finds ring 35 years after he lost it
florida atheist sets up anti-trump festivus pole at city's christmas display
rick moranis to star in straight-to-video release honey, i shrunk some more shit
ruth bader ginsburg returns to off-season lifeguarding job
report: only 1 in 3 preschool graduates has necessary animal sound skills upon entering zoo
chinese class clown executed
'vacation jason' of 'the chris gethard show' drops new single, banana peels at aol
white castle crave case handcuffed to wrist
the backstreet boys or 'n sync release new album
report: maid of honor not even that good of friends with bride
suicide attack at methodist church in pakistan kills nine, wounds dozens
report: average person spends 18 hours standing at bar deciding what to drink
disappointing buffalo wild wings not living up to ridicule
senator to try submitting rejected bill to canadian parliament
stop judging other moms
vacationing couple to try something they don't like
new dog digs up old dog
photo editing war breaks out over kim jong un missile test picture
garbage truck scoops up man looking for wallet
fbi investigators struggling to keep track of all the draftkings employees nicknamed 'd-blaze' while sifting through emails
supreme court unanimously upholds concealed gavel law
israelis and palestinians at harvard: part 9 of 9
olympic bronze medalist to appear in flintstones on ice
ice lawyer charged with trying to defraud immigrants by stealing their identities
the 3 keys to building immediate rapport in a job interview
invest in human capital
does your writing reveal secrets about your leadership?
vr pioneer chris milk: virtual reality will mirror life like nothing else before
new porno worth checking out even for people who aren't familiar with 5 guys jerking off on single pair of tits
parents really enjoying cruise
woman forced to converse awkwardly with bank-promotion clown
man's weekly recycling just boxes of nestle drumsticks
russian man just pretending meteor shower the reason he's bleeding from face
you can just push shit in back seat out of way
stop saying we need new prison beds in arkansas
gunmen kidnap australian firm's workers in nigeria
everything you need to know about the new taco bell delivery service
mom tucks handwritten guide on how to use netflix into kitchen drawer
detective trying to get into mind of litterer
policeman breaks up area party out of pity
trump's manic tweet to bar transgender servicepeople from the us military backfires
local restaurant makes foolhardy attempt at second location
security video pokes holes in robber's threat to shoot store workers
5 tricks from mom to help you manage stress
bill gates spends $56 million on amazon in one night
beware intelligent men bearing caustic wits
woman body-shamed for swimsuit photo responds with more swimsuit photos
cackling warren buffett burns entire fortune in front of nation
nation's homophobic bigots pack it in
free-range chicken makes it to bolivia
victoria and david beckham celebrate 16th wedding anniversary on instagram
election day: gov. hopeful vitter trails in deep-red louisiana
kris jenner pens sweet birthday message for grieving friend kathie lee gifford
david duke gets spot on debate stage in senate race
single nurse can't help but notice man isolated for ebola not wearing a ring
bill o'reilly's advertisers can't keep looking the other way
historical reenactor gets medieval on a drone buzzing overhead
the new york times defends covering hacked democratic emails, even if it helped russia
bush urges iraqis to pass amendment banning gay marriage
huffpost hill - president eats burrito instead of revealing benghazi truths
supreme court hands a major victory to workers who were stiffed on overtime pay
unkempt japanese man must be some sort of artist or something
what's the deal with the lack of lgbt stock photography?
watch live: lili taylor talks abc's 'american crime'
u.s. state department: global terrorist attacks down 13 percent in 2015
the eyes have it on this week's beauty list
carol blows up 'the walking dead' season premiere
new england cod fishermen share coal miners' plight in this new documentary
scholarship funds for alison parker, adam ward honor slain journalists
truther jihadist wishes al-qaeda had committed 9/11 attacks
area 31-year-old can't believe 'you must be born before this date to buy cigarettes' sign up to 1982
why director brent roske traded hollywood for iowa
matt smith speaks out about 'the crown' pay gap
an open letter to my shelter dog's first owner
jeb bush surprised how easily stance on confederate flag set him apart from other republican candidates
pence aide encourages candidate to try some more happy-looking scowls during debate
stars with gray hair prove getting older isn't all that bad
'it's step, twist, step, dammit!' yells leotard-wearing, cigarette-smoking john kelly while choreographing upcoming military parade
jcpenney ceo's severance package includes 34,000 pea coats
watch: the benefits of meditation for children
melissa harris-perry becoming elle.com editor at large
send your kids back to school with confidence
john ashcroft silences reporters with warning shot
trump and america's big black eye
nation's conservationists warn there only 8 trillion rats left
prescription put in 2009 new year's eve glasses
30-year-old has earned $11 more than he would have without college education
fridge magnet a constant reminder of arizona's existence
most of the world thinks trump is an arrogant, intolerant, dangerous leader
james gunn debunks 'guardians of the galaxy' paternity rumors
bethenny frankel fights back after instagram controversy
where's the ref? fifa -- a sports body playing without rules
the currys' nursery for their second baby is freaking adorable
video appears to show 76er jahlil okafor in street fight
here's how older generations are ruining the workplace
no one speculating about family matters series finale
weird girl you drunkenly fooled around with waiting outside door
how to regrow vegetables from nothing more than kitchen scraps
donald trump's proposed cabinet would bring some fringe figures in from the cold
darren sharper faces 20 years in prison under plea deal
bye bye
imaginary brain tumor spreading rapidly
woman who changed self to please boyfriend enjoying happy long-term relationship
mild-mannered reporter suddenly transforms into incredible unemployed man
honest wedding website admits there jack shit for guests to do while in town
report: jack black's life more valuable than yours if it ever comes down to it
report: nation's ditches overflowing with children of worried parents
zendaya is getting her own loc'd barbie
new york police fatally shoot unarmed black man on brooklyn street
lawmaker who wants confederate monuments removed gets anonymous racist threat
portraits of librarians celebrate america's bookish unsung heroes
donald trump inspires new nsfw meaning of the acronym 'gop'
bill nye slams cnn for putting climate change skeptic on earth day panel
area dad needs more time with museum plaque
to my meant-to-bes: a letter to my failed ivf embryos
prince harry, meghan markle set up bridal registry at london-area target
new gym member lingers by free weights for several seconds before returning to elliptical machine
homosexuality only thing parents can accept about son
ciro guerra's 'embrace of the serpent' at cannes: a conversation with the colombian director about shamanism
paul mccartney's mix-cd for new girlfriend a little self-indulgent
michael moore rips 'so-called president'
israeli bus driver wants really big raise
color drains from michael flynn's face after single red dahlia drops out of envelope from russian intelligence
heroic man rushes into movie theater, saves 4 seats
once the capital of nostalgia, istanbul is now the capital of anxiety and neurosis
proud to be a total b*tch
a mother's day tribute to my mother-in-law
'the interview' has made $31 million in online & vod sales thus far
watch: experts talk pesticides and health
medical experts disappointed with man who failed to live up to life expectancy
the embarrassing skin problem nobody talks about
'trust no one:' a talk with jayne ann krentz
more than 130,000 vaccine doses reportedly destroyed in syria after attack
17 pieces of feminist jewelry that'll show you're a nasty woman
fan has list of dream marketers he'd love to see handle next spider-man film
man begins life in new city by taking last ever walk around neighborhood
former black panther uses 'bonus years' to make art
new 'time' to keep everything from happening at once
busy obama sends drone to pick up sasha from school
yo voté: communities scramble to translate ballots
mueller poses as fox news host to coax rudy giuliani into giving him testimony on trump
twitter applauds trump's demands for 'law and order'
passengers feel sorry for flustered toddler traveling with loud, obnoxious parents
quentin tarantino breaks three-day media silence
it'd be pretty easy for trump to pardon his family members. he could even tweet it.
embarrassed george lucas still just telling new wife he works in digital media
north korea's nuclear threat sparks military drills in korean peninsula
muslim woman runs boston marathon to raise money for refugees
hobnobbing with 'givers' mike gamson and alaina percival
the second slaying of michael brown
how your morning and nighttime routines affect your health
the evolution of cannabis culture in washington d.c.
escaped bull dies after leading police chase through nyc
grandma can still feel draft
embracing the darkness: a weird and wonderful chat with the amazing aubrey plaza
european commission president rips brexit leaders as 'sad,' 'not patriots'
apple announces new iphone with n-word on back knowing customers will buy it anyway
michelangelo's david updated
kurt angle in royal rumble? seth rollins teases huge wwe debut! | wrestletalk news jan. 2017
trump's cabinet picks pave the way for a nihilistic future
parents don't remember enough colors to help with kindergartner's homework
fighting rages in aleppo as syrian rebels claim to break through siege
new york to investigate insurance bias against gay men after bombshell news report
new babysitter can already tell this kind of kid who gets naked for no reason
senator moved to tears after reading constituent's heartfelt check
area man sends message to 3,600 friends asking what they're up to tonight
st. louis mayor has sad little plan for turning city into high-tech hub
determined restaurant patrons tough it out on chilly patio
isis operatives destroy hofner bass guitar signed by paul mccartney
teary-eyed wrestlers bid farewell to friends made at summerslam
fitbit releases new tracking collar that gets tighter every second you are inactive
crusted ring around nyquil bottle top coming along nicely
defense department holds bake sale to buy bomber
why lebron wanted to go home
grocery list depressing
gifted, passionate student really stretching limits of school's resources
jon kabat-zinn: 'the real meditation practice is how we live our lives from moment to moment'
man who should be president has asymmetrical eyebrows
read live updates from the vice presidential debate
jane fonda: celebrities must still speak out against 'predator-in-chief' donald trump
struggling local theater space put out of its misery
there have been more mass shootings this year than there have been days
from 1937 to hillary clinton, how americans have felt about a woman president
cast of space: 1999 reunites for tv movie space: 1999 '99
these retro photos of celebrity moms and daughters will make your heart smile
syrian rebels fear government assault on besieged, starving daraya
when smart lawyers say dumb things
report: turkey sandwiches an excellent source of turkey sandwiches
the mid-sex realization that changed everything
8-year-old forced to eat organic macaroni and cheese
u.s. allies sign landmark trade pact as trump announces tariffs
donald trump calls barack obama to chit-chat about oscars in 'conan' spoof
#dearbetsy campaign implores donald trump's education pick to protect campus rape rules
in hunt for new antibiotics, scientists look at bacteria in insects' stomachs
46 rescued from sinking fishing vessel off alaska's aleutian islands
siri helps hero 4-year-old save his unconscious mom's life
new clinton memoir: 'we all made mistakes but you made most of them'
'but a fox wouldn't eat gingerbread,' that one precocious little asshole reports
timeless masterpiece liked
man wouldn't have worn costume to work if he'd known he was getting laid off
man returns to work after vacation with fresh, reenergized hatred for job
theodore roosevelt was a gay man
bigfoot unveiling turns into huge toe job
chinese university bans christmas, calls it 'kitsch'
dear high school teacher who tried to discourage me from applying to ucla, i'm a bruin now!
osteoporosis: what does buying a purse have to do with it?
freyda miller: words and deeds
asshole moves to part of city where all the assholes live
house chaplain who prayed about gop tax bill fired by paul ryan
princess charlotte has maybe the most fashionable christening ever
comparing donald trump to lord voldemort is unspeakably stupid. it's also pretty dangerous.
praia de iracema is the place you should have been this week
drake hasn't even opened his restaurant and already threw a party there
college accepts safety student just in case top choices don't work out
obama under fire for playing t-ball during vietnam
elon musk offering $1.2 billion in grants to any project that promises to make him feel complete
how every american knows what fbi director comey did was wrong
dog keeps iceland awake all night
meet the white house's newest star: a whiteboard
rnc leader to trump: tone it down!
mom apologizing for going through menopause
pope celebrates mass in havana, warns against dangers of ideology
girl in park acts like it's no big deal she's wearing bikini
area man shocked to learn there is a butt-oriented magazine he was not aware of
newt gingrich says trump has given up on 'draining the swamp'
the funniest tweets from parents this week
an open letter to my 3 extraordinary brown girls
study finds 12,000 americans die annually in what are made to look like car accidents
dad straps baby to steering wheel and spins him around
pro-life demonstrator clearly using image of subway chicken enchilada melt on anti-abortion poster
south african politician proclaims a 'non-racial' era after vote wins
oxfam: 'your donation will help us protect impoverished girls from our employees'
this 'gotham' fan theory claims the joker has already been revealed
russian bobsledder nadezhda sergeeva fails doping test
is facebook making us lonely?
car bomb kills turkish soldiers in mainly kurdish province
reinventing reality: an interview with the 'party girl' filmmakers in cannes
how my non-verbal autistic son communicates using just google street view
area stand-up comedian questions the deal with drive-thru windows
will smith: the black man everyone at work can agree on
canadian police aplogize for threatening drunk drivers with nickelback
this is what earth would be like without the moon
congress approves $40 million to fight teens
dead hamster feels its life has been properly honored by shoebox coffin
family feud pollster tired of asking strangers to name a fruit typically served with breakfast
pro-trump trolls target megyn kelly's new book on amazon
heston: 'we must arm ourselves if we are to defeat the apes'
larry flynt wins right to pursue missouri execution records
kylie jenner and tyga got way handsy in the club like no one was snapchatting
why the affordable care act hasn't gone far enough
pamela wright's son was shot dead a month after newtown. this is her story.
'queer eye' star antoni porowski strips to his underwear for hanes campaign
taxpayer outraged
congrats! you've been auto-enrolled -- now what?
bob dole for windows to replace bob dole 4.0
brandy norwood: 'i stopped believing in god, lost my faith... i was depressed'
science confirms men and women never meant to be more than friends
head of nbc suddenly remembers he meant to cancel 'rock center' 8 weeks ago
open-minded voter waits almost 5 minutes into debate to decide who won
dad clarifies this not a food stop
chuck grassley introduces donald trump at rally, but does not endorse
women may be more anxious than men at work because they have more to lose
donald trump fired his campaign manager. the mystery is why it took this long.
church, state joyfully reunite after 230-year trial separation
new hyundai owner sort of brags about it to co-workers
breitbart traffic down as readers now getting bulk of news analysis from graffiti scrawled across neighborhood
taylor swift now dating james holmes
donald trump voices support for sisi amid human rights crackdown
economy given big boost by ramadan shopping season
bush to london bombers: 'bring it on'
sarah silverman talks to her younger self in 'snl' monologue
benadryl introduces new non-drowsy allergy dart
congressman lets his guitar do the talking
according to nutritional information, local man just had 16 servings of fritos
a letter to parents at the start of a new school year
revamped wpa to create 50,000 new jobs by disassembling, reassembling hoover dam
experts recommend breaking down crushing defeats into smaller, more manageable failures
nobody should be reduced to an 'illegal immigrant'
catalan leader says region cannot accept 'illegal' control from madrid
californian falls to his death from cliff trying to rescue his dog
area woman already planning party for 'mad men' series finale
breeze plays kick-ass riff on wind chimes
list of things man wants to do before he dies just list of tv shows
man annoyed by travel plaza's abridged pizza hut menu
maybe "billionnaire" should mean helping 1 billion people instead of making $1 billion
robert epley's gps guide for self-confidence
connecticut lawmaker won't seek re-election after mishandling harassment complaint
sports-related murder provides perfect local-news segue
nation's cuckolded husbands gear up for first day of hunting season with wives' lovers
elizabeth taylor watches cleopatra alone in dark
disturbing new ad reveals the future of the gop under trump
seahawks player hugs ref after fumble-return touchdown, is promptly penalized
mother's day card mailed
verizon to bid $3 billion for yahoo's web assets: wsj
now it's burger king renouncing us citizenship -- let's eat somewhere else
london mayor sadiq khan to be joined by huffpost editor-in-chief lydia polgreen at sxsw 2018
paul hogan admits he's still searching for that one career-defining role
want to harm your relationship? here are 2 easy ways!
grandma guts it out through lunch on sunny patio
asexuals are increasingly becoming part of pride month
rihanna hung out with jake gyllenhaal and jay z at a nyc boxing match
justice scalia endorses new easton gaveling gloves
kim kardashian wears sheer top in festive christmas eve photo
new jersey's first sikh mayor says he's received death threats
dunkin' donuts introduces new girl scout-flavored coffee
turkey soccer match canceled, stadium evacuated over security fears
cell phone stuck in 2-year contract with local man
trans author: why i don't believe anyone should transition in the public eye
i was hit by the car attack in charlottesville
how to be ridiculously in charge of your life
getting your photography published 2.0
area man never in mood to do things he hasn't done before
pope francis finds self in hell after taking wrong turn in vatican catacombs
flash-mob spells out 'resist!' next to trump california golf course
university of missouri starts reviewing demands from student activists
new study finds blacks more likely
'you are donald trump, 45th president of the united states,' trump reads from faded tattoo on wrist
romney privately wondering how in the name of fuck he's going to appeal to asian voters
pope francis prays at jerusalem's western wall
elton john wows mother theresa funeral crowd with 'the bitch is back"
fender releases new hybrid gas-electric guitar
couple keeps marriage together for sake of no one
melissa mccarthy is easter spicey, the apologizing easter bunny
can the american idol 2  winner end kelly clarkson's pop-chart dominance?
donald trump threatens 35 percent tariff as 'retribution' for companies that move abroad
man's heart stops as speaker asks audience to turn to person next to them
this is what it feels like to lose to donald trump
code words for spinster throughout history
sessions launches team trump's russia counteroffensive
people are lol-ing over this couple's blunt pregnancy announcement
what do you know about the colors of nature?
as election draws near, area man moves to all-obama t-shirt rotation
a u.s. cyclist made sure she won gold, then collapsed to the ground
nipple of baby's bottle pierced for authenticity
michael jackson deposed as king of pop in hitless coup
co-op casino robbed again
suicide 'clusters' may appear in army units
forged federal document complicates a growing fight over national monument designation in utah
google launches 'the google' for older adults
the views from this italian city will take your breath away
'new york times' bully knocks stack of polls from nate silver's hands
workplace shooting planned on company time
ron paul promises to return when country needs him most
report explores possible cia cover-up at guantanamo
five lessons of being a multi-millionaire
two ministers claim they could face 180 years in jail for refusing to do gay weddings
baby loses train of thought
gina haspel recalls having to torture more prisoners than male colleagues to prove herself
trump dished out fake news awards. twitter dished them right back at him.
quick scan of room confirms area man once again sweatiest person present
beach boys confirm they're considering playing trump's inauguration
chris christie, once a fighter of anti-muslim bigotry, endorses donald trump
adam levine receives promotion to senior lead singer of maroon 5
marv albert on the knicks, brad stevens and the state of the nba
open-minded man would be willing to look past jennifer lawrence's flaws
colonoscopy offers non-fantastic voyage through human body
now you can pay $19.99 for a big handful of dead leaves
kim kardashian's resemblance to cher for halloween is truly uncanny
voters clamoring to know if female political candidate a mother first
huckabee campaign suspended after candidate trapped in briar patch
end the international drug war to control the afghan narco-state
former treasury secretary hank paulson says he will vote for hillary clinton
food insecurity and inactivity are driving the obesity epidemic
baby put on phone told her parents hate her
neighbor still has tree standing in yard weeks after arbor day
new 10-10-911 saves emergency victims up to 30 percent
study: average american now requires 3 attempts to get up from seated position
did trump intend to fire fbi director james comey all along?
kids and technology: can we ever really keep up?
area man a staunch single-gender voter
chris wallace receives cease-and-desist letter from trump organization in middle of questioning candidate about groping allegations
god weirded out by christian who loves him after only month in church
nation offsets carbon footprint by planting single 300,000-foot-tall tree
drunk nutritionists recommend eating entire frozen pizza at 3 a.m.
clean machine
black guy doesn't talk about all the times he didn't get discriminated against
i won't be coming home for christmas: the christmas experience in prison
wow, dad really went from zero to 60 with woodworking this summer
do we risk having two-tier access to renewable energy?
youth homelessness is an invisible issue, but it doesn't have to be
hydraulic press squeezes the life out of a bowling ball (and other stuff)
roommate never seems to leave apartment
how real is 'marcomentum'?
charlton heston gets serious
watch live: pro-volleyball star gabby reece dishes on nbc's new fitness show
david duchovny dishes on the upcoming 'x-files' miniseries
watch katy perry's hilarious segway fail at burning man
facebook's war continues against fake profiles and bots
lessons from my gratitude jar
meet eric dyer, the modern master of the zoetrope
alumni magazine tiptoeing around campus shooting
joe walsh wakes up on stage mid-solo again
america ferrera to chair committee for women's march on washington
ted nugent talks that way even when buying socks
j balvin to receive vision award at 2016 hispanic heritage awards
'mr. falafel' owner does not actually like being addressed as mr. falafel
bank of america touts going green but funnels billions into fossil fuels
here's how much the house has paid in recent sexual harassment settlements
harry reid on the gop: 'they don't have enough nerve to repeal obamacare'
breakthrough procedure allows parents to select sexiness of child
trump has made afghanistan decision after 'rigorous' review: mattis
what's at stake: the current landscape on lgbtq nondiscrimination protections
man recalls simpler time when he only masturbated to still images on internet
supernatural powers vested in local pastor
tall young girl told she should play basketball
member of book group just loved this book a little less is all
just jump through the fear
congressman knows regular lobbyist's order without even having to be told
donald trump concedes health care bill could hurt many of his supporters
cracks emerge in rodrigo duterte's horrific philippine drug war
colorado legalizes medicinal fireworks
a message to my serbian friends in response to the incident in belgrade
house intelligence chair attempts to clean up mess after alleging trump team was spied on
jennifer lawrence stuns in oscar de la hoya gown
maybe ridley scott should've read this memoir before replacing spacey with plummer
area man to run naked through streets tonight no matter who wins election
cnn discovers elegant way to call bulls**t on donald trump's bulls**t
mick mulvaney, supporter of 2013 government shutdown, blames obama for that one
live from the toronto film festival: sunday, sept. 7
selfless playstation worker customizes controller for gamer with cerebral palsy
right on the edge
tom brady says gisele bundchen told him to shut up about politics
elderly dog can already tell owner doesn't think she's worth $3,000 gallstone surgery
control freak wishes she had more free time
report: apocalypse actually happened 3 years ago
18 hilarious bridesmaid proposal cards you can find on etsy
floating library proves books should be shared in improbable places
puerto rico celebrates dependence day
new michael landon biography resolves many unasked questions
cocktail party gets as wild as it's going to get
the first felony trial of trump inauguration protesters is about to go to a jury
man hates it when trailer gives away entire premise of movie
heroic broken sewage pipe floods congress with human waste
$80,000 wedding beautiful
pumpkin clearly had finger in it
b*a*p*s rented on strength of academy award-winning stars
tesla unveils the d at event in la
214 executed in wacky bolivian prison mix-up
these creative newborn photos are adorably whimsical
trump is at war with iran, not isis
engineer's voicemail warned state of bridge cracks 2 days before collapse
alzheimer's and making peace with god
overpopulation concerns force u.s. to reopen south dakota
shuddering astrid menks comes home to trail of rose petals leading to nude, spread-eagle warren buffett
rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch might be dating, but who really knows?
donald trump's health secretary pick literally ran away from birther question
'kennedy curse' claims life of 77-year-old tumor-riddled binge-drinker
camel cash inherited from grandpa
adam sandler's red carpet date was his 23-year-old doppelgänger
nancy pelosi suggests donald trump get his mental health checked
how to get researchers to notice an ultra-rare disease
convenience store employee given generous holiday bonus shift
area child disappointed to learn parents' love unconditional
boxer hopes he can make money punching things in retirement
pope francis captivated by teen cancer patient's rendition of 'ave maria'
the not so feng shui of guns in california
roommate cooked enough of gross thing for everyone
dove controversy: real beauty gone viral
grandma at mechanic to get radio stations set
corn lobby tightens the screws
chicago just fired an investigator trying to hold cops accountable for unjustified shootings
in defense of the promposal
staten island teen dies from asthma while fleeing racist crew waving gun
'invisible airwaves crackle with life,' reports geddy lee from man's detached earbud
school violence prevention - it really does take a village!
texans brace for president's response to hurricane
this ned flanders-themed band is now the best band (sorry, all other bands)
report:     % of americans suffer from synesthesia
jailed al jazeera journalist released
what it's like to grow up trans in an ultra-orthodox community
obama's declaration of swine flu emergency prompts pro-swine-flu republican response
stop everything: lady gaga is coming to 'rupaul's drag race'
peanut exec faces life sentence for shipping tainted peanut butter
espn curious if you have ever considered playing fantasy football
the best and worst movies of 2015
rep. steve king tweets latina constituent: 'do you always lie in english?'
let's change the conversation from climate change to 'shared benefits'
jealous paul ryan asks legislator with 37% approval rating what his secret is
archaeologists discover ancient femur that could make mouthwatering broth
walgreens manager certain dead father would have been proud of crest toothpaste display
double standard, double spacing
hero dog fills out hospital paperwork
child so stupid she sees letters backwards
third-grade slumber party a snakepit of machiavellian alliances
trump's talk on terror and iraq has experts worried about a coming backlash
alternative training school for dogs de-emphasizes obedience
new miami-based tuna is cuban-safe
paul o'neal, teen shot by chicago cops, suffered gunshot wound to his back
republicans holding out hope new chief of staff can restore order to chaotic white house
sessions rattles baton along prison bars in speech vowing to crack down on violent crime
tim kaine stuffs handful of goldfish crackers in ballot scanner
couple on verge of breaking up has mind-blowing aquarium visit
i need feminism, so why do some feminists exclude me?
the administration's assault on epa and clean water is an assault on public health
man can get by in his own language
bed bug feels bad for area man, but a bug's got to eat
modest isis leader credits promotion entirely to drone strikes
nursing home patient glad she's going home tomorrow every day
infuriating video shows meek mill making homeless man do pushups for $20
report: u.s. leads world in lost sunglasses
bush vows to put man on moon before it disappears at end of month
designers opt to stick with last year's fashions
shameless coworker doing nothing to conceal clearly flaccid penis lying beneath khakis
gop 'moderates' keep saying no to repeal, and then voting yes
college-aged female finds unlikely kindred spirit in audrey hepburn
british royal family places queen elizabeth in nursing home
new poll finds death of spouse most liberating experience in life
apparently fire marshal wasn't just being a dick
union plows ahead after major scotus setback
5 tips for creating a beautiful product roadmap
higher ed lobby quietly joins for-profit schools to roll back tighter rules
obama visits south-carolina-ravaged south carolina
success secrets from a sports psychologist
barnes & noble staffers mock orson scott card crowd from back of room
west virginia mayor, official lose jobs over post calling michelle obama 'ape in heels' (update)
let's talk toilet paper
miranda lambert stuns in low-cut bridal-inspired gown
kirsten gillibrand only regrets not calling for al franken to quit sooner
russia's economy headed for even more trouble
disappointed in 'silence': proud of my domestic ignatians
warning on police body camera footage cautions viewer they about to see pretty much exactly what they'd expect
future stock
it aint over...till it's over!
deadly california wildfire near big sur set to explode in size
eating like an idiot for a weekend in san francisco
family watches in silence as dad checks out waitress
opening soda bottle inadvertently makes man loser
all-female rock band reminds moms they are 'enough'
george clooney beginning to think he should buy his own tuxedo
want to watch your entire life pass by in an instant? just do this
the actual rohingya death toll is 22 times higher than official estimate, survey shows
queen elizabeth annoyed nude pictures of prince harry don't show anything good
who's a better liar: brian williams or pinocchio?
obama narrowly survives carnivorous section of rose garden
report: getting massages at airports apparently part of certain people's lives
group of hunky cardinals appeal to pope to relax celibacy requirement
news anchor wonders where all these great stories come from
furious maitre d' can only assume hostess didn't realize she was addressing everlast
4 back-to-school myths about college textbooks
donald trump casts doubt on russian election interference ahead of vladimir putin meeting
trump taps 'jumpin' jack flash' to close the deal in iowa
area man plays 'imagine' every time he sees a piano
report: it pretty incredible that americans entrusted with driving cars
how to rekindle a lost passion in your life
why we're lucky if we get to be old
the politics of accessibility: love, work & survival schemes
sharon stone slammed by 'golden boy' director
the fakebook inside facebook
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
biden pardons single yam in vice presidential thanksgiving ritual
embracing 'and'
ford develops new suv that runs purely on gasoline
actor jason george from grey's anatomy talks about gun violence and social justice
schock is scrutinized around the country, but especially in his home district
song crafted in the deepest pit of hell wins big at grammys
swing latino takes colombian salsa to new heights on 'world of dance'
duterte says he may impose martial law if drug problem worsens
sony releases new earbud detangling spray
eminem rips nra in a rap: 'they love their guns more than our children'
what it really looks like to work out with your dog
airbnb user loves how easy website makes it to ejaculate in stranger's sink
gop presidential hopefuls fail again to sketch out an obamacare replacement
local news anchor mistakenly reveals salary during broadcast
'it's about a sense of meaning'
beloved archie comics get a dark makeover in new tv series 'riverdale'
nurses endure a shocking amount of violence on the job
hollywood's biggest stars endure long lines at oscars security screening
the 47 percent on steroids, with a hit of koch
woman attempts to cram few years' worth of body positivity into 20 minutes before trying on bathing suits
hazmat worker sees no reason to throw away all this perfectly good food
slick rick praises the first-ever global hip-hop day
5 ways to file your taxes with less stress
clinton clinton
another mass shooting and more prayers. america has officially given up.
women walk 100 miles to see pope francis, plead for immigration reform
planned parenthood sues ohio in dispute over fetal tissue
parental leave revolution moves from tech to banking
merkel calls for a more open world: 'we won't get anywhere' with populism
don't even think about blaming khloe kardashian for james harden's bad season
if an ice cap melts in the arctic and the gop doesn't see it, did it really melt?
donald trump picked the wrong state to call obamacare a 'catastrophic event'
bono outbids everyone at charity auction for bono-autographed guitar
cops find doctors slain inside boston penthouse after shootout with suspect
north korea may test-launch missile around donald trump's inauguration, south korea warns
fellow cheerleaders rally cheer of support for recently raped teammate
mom just wants to watch something nice
the indignant and audacious teacher
want to pass bills in the texas legislature? try bipartisanship.
report: economy must be doing pretty well if entire season of 'bones' online for free
the black friday and cyber monday travel deals to book asap
local hamburger to star in national ad
why every man should try to be more like idris elba
behold, chris christie's fawning 'interview' with donald trump
watch: $24 million yacht goes up in flames
5 mistakes moms make when setting new year's resolutions
when is a religion 'extremist'?
area man stops self after eating 3 advent calendars
virginia shooting somehow proves what every single american has been saying all along
new poll finds public becoming more skeptical of profit-driven corporate data mine powered by human misery
u.s. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate hits 4.4 percent
man prone to lying beds woman prone to lying prone
ap reporter in gaza needs another term for 'blood-soaked'
poll: trump and clinton are both spectacularly unpopular candidates
reagan's memory honored with sharp increase in federal budget deficit
10 reasons you should care about d.c. voting rights
obama now attempting to get each word of jobs bill passed individually
amazing couple adopts 7 siblings to keep them together
5 big misconceptions about life that threaten your happiness
petition to censure trump gains momentum
disgruntled bandmates worried rivers cuomo's wife becoming the fifth weezer
democrats and republicans unite to support lgbt rights in west virginia
fantasized argument getting pretty intense
lupita nyong'o talks 'the culture of hair' alongside gorgeous photo shoot for allure
burned car tied to murdered girl: cops
sofia vergara made a surprise cameo during pitbull's grammys performance
fox news guest says confederate and pride flags are 'the exact same thing'
tweeters school donald trump over tom cruise 'top gun' speech gaffe
owner admits fantasy team in rebuilding year
lice invade espn makeup and hair studios, deadspin reports
invite your customer into the boardroom
kuwait starting to notice girls
a-sides with jon chattman: ryan shaw shows some "real love"; animal years lift some spirits
panicked billy graham realizes he took wrong turn into heaven's largest gay neighborhood
jada pinkett smith boycotts oscars for lack of diversity (update)
the excruciating worth of criticism
new study finds average american stands no chance against what's coming
egypt's entry visa canard
acknowledging the past
'low-energy jeb,' whispers jeb bush sitting alone in dark watching televised trump speech
30 ways to offend your toddler
study finds first life forms migrated to earth via interplanetary land bridge
guess which reality star went all out at comic-con
12 reasons to watch the puppy bowl instead of the super bowl
turkey sacks 107 judges, prosecutors over links to failed coup
suicidegirls.com put on 24-hour watch
fish species not seen since 1960s thinks it can waltz back into marine biologist's life just like that
grocery-store worker can't bear to eat food anymore
stephen colbert: trump tweets more to attack kristen stewart than condemn anti-semitism
residents say racism accusations don't tell full story of cops who quit after town elected its first black mayor
san francisco photographer shits out another bridge photo
study: 0% of people die from getting fingers lodged in bowling ball and being dragged down lane
dad delivers state of the union rebuttal directly into television screen
i'm not an empty nester. i'm just sharing my daughter with the world.
listener consumed by spittle on corner of mouth
camera admits it can't do much for barry
kendall jenner looks red hot on the red carpet
these newlyweds have god-like locks and the internet is living for it
instagram now warns users against wild animal selfies
if the clippers win the nba championship does racism win as well?
business innovation: what market leaders can learn from video games
guess who?!
mother, daughter exchange encoded menstruation-related message over dinner table
ann coulter says 'every woman who has ever been employed by fox' has stories about roger ailes
friday talking points -- the knives come out
the peace process is dying at the hands of israel with help from hamas
gulag-themed holidays are all the rage in sunny siberia
jenny mccarthy lured to fox network by bright light
jennifer lawrence and aziz ansari give new meaning to #friendshipgoals
novelist thinks people shrug 10 times more than they actually do
93% of americans admit they occasionally check behind shower curtain for bad guys
paula abdul's gps guide reveals how the star finds her center
even donald trump's former boss thinks he's a 'demented' reality star
report: hey, stephen tobolowsky is in this!
jury finds cinemark theater chain not liable in 2012 colorado movie massacre
advice to enjoy being young came out way sadder than intended
firenze fireworks: easter explosions in florence
families of missing flight passengers just hoping media gets closure it needs
asian-american caucus demands investigation after chinese-american scientist accused of spying
are voters pining for a third-party candidate? it's complicated.
harvey korman cracks up denny's waitress
toaster's crumb tray full of sprinkles
god demands cuter precious moments figurines
report: 15% of cars in mall parking lots occupied by family member who stormed off after fight
the trump-russia story has only just begun (to explode)
hypnotist looking for gimmick to set him apart from other hypnotists
finephilia with designer ryan saghian
u.s. soldiers to be equipped with powerful mandibles
rembrandt's 'night watch' falls off museum wall after sticky tabs come loose
new acnefree treatment ships teens to remote island colony for remainder of puberty
all those years shopping at independent bookstore wasted
adam schiff says there's 'more than circumstantial evidence' of trump ties to russia
higher interest rates – oh, goodie!
83-year-old sneaks into 65-to-80 singles dance
i'll tell them
kim jong-un thrown into labor camp for attempting to cross border into south korea
the nightlife in marrakesh, morocco
new mexico store bans 'obama & other muslims'
report: you're actually saving money with roller rink membership
area man demands more starches
tmz dayton bureau catches secondhand furniture-store owner coming out of all-night truck stop
rules for selling during winter months
laura ingraham's sponsors still bolting over comments about parkland survivor
iraqi officer under saddam masterminded the rise of isis, reports spiegel
sight of o.j. simpson actually kind of comforting
this 'trapped' clip is a snapshot of america's thorny abortion laws
hope hicks' resignation sends tweeters into joke overdrive
top doj official implies reporter may not be jailed in leak case
how to be a hero: insight from the milgram experiment
congresswoman invites #metoo creator tarana burke to state of the union
failing my way to success in brazil
why is the naacp in bed with donald sterling?
trump supporters harass immigration protesters in iowa
the top 10 workout songs for february
it's official: dog owners walk way more
fired trump aide: campaign chair should resign if responsible for plagiarism
the fall of the would-be emperor
how our family affects our happiness, in one chart
heady youth expresses individuality with 'ear-ring'
partygoer gets thoughtful
budget-conscious obamas strongly pushing malia toward udc community college
impatient nation demands supreme court just get to the gay stuff
area smoker one of america's top phlegm-producers
veteran told what offends him
justin theroux says jimmy kimmel 'cried a little bit' at his wedding
barack obama makes last-minute push to block saudi 9/11 bill
donald trump reportedly approves race summit with colin kaepernick
'my work here is done,' smiles contented bannon before bursting into millions of spores
jason statham beats wedding planner to death in new romantic comedy
women in tech: an interview with wendy lea
woman who visited kenya once struts confidently into african store
ted cruz probably can't save the gop establishment from donald trump
senior-center residents debate new anchorwoman's ethnicity for fifth straight evening
man wearing 'jewmerica' t-shirt never dreamed he'd see this day
controversial new ham sandwich under fire
bill clinton: sorry for the drug war
how to transform your relationship with money to plan for the future
george kennedy's honor riding on internal breath freshener
women's strike a sobering reality check for subway masturbator
video game boss thinking he should get big glowing weak spot on back checked out
man worried any crazy person could get hands on congressional seat
romney tells heartbreaking lie about single mother of 4 he never met
life-changing epiphany wears off on ride home
are there tears in your popcorn? what to learn from the fault in our stars
he told his boyfriend, 'i love you.' his boyfriend's response brought him to tears. (video)
an art project over 40 years in the making lets people walk on water
celine dion's brother daniel dead at 59 after battle with cancer
these photos of real kitchen disasters prove we've all been there
prison warden appears on leno with some of his favorite prisoners
how nonprofits make our lives livable
donald trump flat out lies about his reaction to charlottesville
hawaii had more snow this week than denver or chicago has had all year
chinese graduate student pursues master's in political silence
clinton dragged up on stage to sing 'sweet home alabama' with the band
how we've kept our son from feeling like he's from a 'broken home'
prison escapee caught in florida after 56 years on the run
in the heights
study finds 79% of statistics now sobering
living in our heads
genetically modified broccoli shrieks benefits at shopper
civil rights groups pressure senate to reject trump's supreme court nominee
man who actually needs grey poupon unable to bring self to ask
nation leery of very odd little boy
more cats made
gym adds big heavy pull thing in corner
glenn close 'angry and darkly sad' about harvey weinstein allegations
2013 year in review photo essay shaping up to be quite horrific
financial advisor recommends keeping one bullet in chamber just in case
'at least days getting longer,' squeaks tiny inner voice drowned out by rest of worries
house of blues opens drive-thru window
islamophobic heckler interrupts muslim woman's tv interview on islamophobia
chinese new year is a boom time for fake girlfriends
mexico moves closer to extraditing drug lord el chapo to u.s.
5 tricks to make your identity portfolio more secure
bob barker era ushered out with touching plinko montage
12 weird sports rules you may not have heard of
world's oldest woman just pleased every other human on earth when she was born now dead
dear sleep-deprived mama
'gilmore girls' actors defend against critics who say revival is too mean
that time 'gilmore girls' predicted the future of online news
these breathtakingly beautiful cakes are straight out of a dream
gorilla won't stop saying 'gorilla' in sign language
hillary clinton drags taliban leader's body through streets of kabul
donovan mitchell uses footwear to send powerful message about gun violence
naomi campbell will face-off with lady gaga in 'american horror story: hotel'
twitter reminds alec baldwin at least he has a job for next 4 years
nation excited for some insane k-pop shit during opening ceremony
nope, christian bale is not playing batman in 'batman v superman'
nation hopeful there will be equally random chance of justice for future victims of police abuse
pebble just bounces off big toad
rockette says inauguration performance is 'an issue of racism and sexism'
you're tackling your to-do list all wrong -- here's how to get it right
day spent on internet comes full circle
hospital comforts patients with new therapy oyster program
to our students after the confirmation of betsy devos: we've got this
eva longoria schools donald trump in powerfully personal dnc speech
hate trump? just wait until 2020.
8 things guns compensate for (besides your penis)
top house democrats demand fbi inquiry into trump team's alleged link to email hack
want to change the world? get ready to get your hands dirty together
paleontologists: 'we've been looking at dinosaurs upside down'
heirloom plasticware lovingly handed down to next hundred thousand generations
trump denies meeting with secret service over hillary clinton threat
attending 'price is right' taping apparently sailors' best idea for shore leave
pregnant ellie kemper isn't into strangers touching her stomach
greenpeace decides northern spotted owl 'not worth the trouble anymore'
is honolulu in for a disastrous flood?
why a dad was forced to leave the hospital the day his baby was born
obama is like that really great neighbor who's moving out
paul ryan: 'the comments donald trump will make over the next few months are regrettable'
gay olympian finds 'silver lining' in broken thumb: he won't have to shake pence's hand
medicalert bracelet iced out
well, doesn't area businessman look dapper for his big flight to philadelphia
gas-station employee gives 109 9/10ths percent
management determined to find out who in company leaked information that ceo is asshole
'the late show' unveils spoof halloween-themed trump merch
steven spielberg says netflix films shouldn't qualify for oscars
hero cop saves 3-year-old girl's life on his wedding day
fight white supremacy with your wallet and your voice
watch jennifer lawrence & jimmy fallon's instructional dance videos
straight, gay service members looking forward to asking, telling come september
facebook is cracking down on racist posts in germany
multi-institutional collaborative clinical trial to examine health benefits of integrative lifestyle practices at the chopra center for wellbeing
video shows biker gang pounding driver on california highway
trump releases letter from putin amid talk of nuclear arms race
how racism reared its ugly head after #missuniverse2015
sudden resurfacing of file called 'lyrics.doc' a chilling reminder of life thought left behind
midlife sex: myths vs. reality
headline about so-called lobsterman extremely misleading
a resolution for presidents day — trump must go
orca's successful trick rewarded with bucket of ssris
study finds majority of non-shark-related fears completely unjustified
ice cube that man couldn't pry from tray lives to see another day
caught on video: that horrifying moment your parachute fails and floats away in the wind
lessons from my father: education is the key to success
'neighbors 2' takes on sexism and double standards in an unexpected way
changing prison from the inside out
deconstructing the fear of rejection: what are we really afraid of?
outside money surge makes kansas senate race costliest in state history
senator mix-a-lot sponsors titties-on-glass legislation
anheuser-busch delivers a bunch of beer in a self-driving truck
8 techie things everyone over 50 needs to know
donald trump 'sad to see' confederate monuments being taken down
floral arrangement at funeral talked about more than deceased
obama responds to 8-year-old who has really big 'politics worries'
couple has nest egg of debt to make sure they've got some money to owe down the road
senile mother a broken novelty record
here's why immigration advocates are pressing so hard for executive action
the things i do to feed the world
8 famous women who popped the question
glorious heyday of youth spent in parking lot
giant altoid headed toward earth'curiously strong' celestial body will extinguish all life
9 quotes that will help you find the nerve to take a bold risk
the 1 good movie netflix adds this week
veteran given hero's welcome back to afghanistan
teens find this one hilarious store
report: whoa, last person on treadmill ran 8 miles
britney spears soaks up the sun in tiny yellow bikini
banning one racist fan doesn't fix red sox racism
roy moore during speech to honor vets: accusations against me are 'hurtful'
frustrated republicans argue pope should leave science to scientists who deny climate change
miley cyrus probably made less than the 'hannah montana' co-stars you can't even name
clear american sky a constant reminder of industrial inferiority
3 things you should know about learning disabilities
irish weather forecaster's halloween report spooks viewers
vegetarian option just iceberg lettuce on bread
frantic steve jobs stays up all night designing apple tablet
obama hosts annual ramadan iftar dinner at the white house
street-smart teen dies in library
someone called the cops on jerry seinfeld over a lemonade stand
'mapplethorpe' documentary directors reflect on the artist and their film
what i learned from being diagnosed with narcolepsy
injured troops request extended tours to avoid being sent to walter reed
deputy attorney general's wife cracks down on pornography
norway pledges $10 million to counter trump's global anti-abortion move
bannon forced to cancel 'muscle & fitness' cover shoot to testify before grand jury
minnesota republican attacks her democratic opponent for being 'lgbt' and 'half black'
somali pirates tow guy with stalled jet ski
man cautiously avoids barnes & noble section where teens check out graphic novels
completely out-of-control cell phone nearly vibrates itself off table
5 fashion trends that could be hurting your health
at least 1,400 homes destroyed in california wildfires
'so what did i miss?' asks michael flynn tilting large flower on lapel towards trump
wedding of jew, muslim draws protesters shouting 'death to arabs'
danny devito a lot taller, thinner in person
she's changing the way our kids surf the web
local grandmother feared dead after appearing in woman's profile picture
ryan murphy apologizes to women in hollywood for the industry's lack of equality
collection agency holding nation as collateral until trump pays off business debts
high school decides against suspending football player for peaceful protest
the government problem
senate: 'renewed fisa legislation imperative in protecting the few american freedoms that will remain'
the 10 healthiest chain restaurants in the u.s.
mrs. butterworth's bottle central to terrifying lsd experience
baltimore residents urged to stay indoors until social progress naturally takes its course over next century
news roundup for august 17, 2017
psychologists advise practicing words 'president trump' over next 2 months to prepare for inauguration
when the air in your home is more polluted than outside
trump sits down beside fire with quill and ink for evening writing out tweets
first latino arab-american running for congress views his heritage as an asset
... and justice for all
ira, hamas sweep 1990 bombie awards
millions of people prince william would never deign to speak to captivated by royal wedding
finally something economists can agree on: trump's debt talk made zero sense
compliment goes horribly awry
2012 marvel handbook casually reveals peter parker uncircumcised
pet turtle going hog wild on terrarium's new stick
ride-hailing drivers probably make even less than they think, mit paper finds
death row inmate dies of natural causes 3 days into execution
new department of interior program to reduce deer population by providing free condoms to fawns
these illustrations perfectly sum up what it's like to have anxiety
the end of shared sacrifice set in stone: yale as metaphor
gunmen in eqypt mosque attack carried isis flag, prosecutor says
winn-dixie: from one to a thousand-a journey of a hundred years
'empire' star jussie smollett reminds us that aids isn't a problem of the past
bill maher gets real about marijuana legalization
10 communication secrets of great leaders
new countries, who's first?
our smog standards are in jeopardy under trump, and we need to fight back
national forest service recommends campers tie up their food to avoid attracting other visitors
'fed up' zara workers battle for more hours
north carolina residents terrified after hearing state passed new law
senator from troubled home state repeatedly acting out in congress
10 signs it's time for umbrella drinks
finding comfort in numbers
reporters comb new orleans for heartwarming story
actor receives $25 million for everyman role
report: 98% of german sexual intercourse uploaded to pornhub
video store's 'favorites' shelf offers telling glimpse into manager's psyche
u.s. encouraging cuba to shift toward democratic system of corruption
teen learns the negligible value of a dollar
are you a 'good' influence on your kids?
tv commercial for beverage features woefully reckless pouring technique
the gentrification of higher ed
nation's women clarify they harbor no secret desire to see colleagues', acquaintances', strangers' genitals
man brings visiting parents into office to meet coworkers who can't stand him
tsa agent can't bring himself to make dad take off comfy shoes
why reese witherspoon says she's 'definitely' a southern mom
meghan heffern of the cw's backpackers is a mickey mouse fan
cultivating the 4 c's of mindfulness for greater peace, poise and personal power
thank you, 'rent,' from suburban teenagers everywhere
if twitter can #addclimatechangetotv, then maybe trump will pay attention
ketchup crust on heinz bottle cap still dreams of one day getting onto hot dog
barnes & noble creates stripper/prostitute memoir section
romney receives 20-minute standing ovation at naawp event
jumbled nest of cords makes move to third new apartment
block of commercials charts the who's career arc
wells fargo ceo should resign over 'egregious fraud' with fake accounts, lawmakers say
disturbing ad shows how trump is teaching students to hate
young child still developing antibodies to mountain dew
grand bahama island: this is the adventure-filled escape you've been looking for
dell acquired by gateway 2000 in merger of 2 biggest names in computer technology
joan rivers remembered
the women of iraq: what women's roles look like on the ground
concert security guard would willingly give his life to protect coldplay
how pop culture can change the way we talk about abortion
new madonna album hailed as available for purchase
boss has been riding steven van zandt's ass all day
netflix may expand into news
greece hopes to conclude bailout talks this week
teen driver accused of livestreaming crash that killed younger sister
former high-school bully pulls you over for speeding
moderator sternly issues final warning for tim kaine to stop playing with microphone
huckabee sanders repeatedly insists that president's footprints created the great lakes
monday's morning email: what to expect from trump's afghanistan strategy
god, jesus and the bible: faqs for gay pride month
yet another media-savvy ex-hostage delights tv-news producers
10 years after financial crisis, our elites have learned nothing
lax petsmart background check allows deranged gerbil to slip through the cracks
weak-willed coward changes opinion after learning he was wrong
woman knows to stay away from certain parts of own psyche at night
a transgender student who was reportedly banned from her school receives good news
cia awkwardly debriefs obama on creation of crack cocaine
white house responds to sexual misconduct allegations against roy moore
what millennials want most in love, according to therapists
shutting out the gun nuts? cigarettes may show the way
rachel roy reveals her best beauty secrets to into the gloss
how a nyc gay couple came to forgive the man who attacked them
swing states roughed up by bush, kerry operatives
trump's mini-surge
ferguson on edge on first night with curfew
jason isbell is one nashville-based singer unafraid to talk politics
this is the next big tv writer for the modern woman
let this daft captain convince you to take a boat instead of a plane
junior-high-school badminton unit inspires 948 'shuttlecock' jokes
yelp adds hospital wait times and nursing home ratings using propublica data
clarence thomas sexually harassed me. yes, he should be impeached.
if disney princesses realized they could save themselves
group of christie campaign deserters found in forest
laurie hernandez winked at the olympic judges and we all fell in love
north american children begin summer migration to dad's
danielle laporte's white hot truth soothes self-help fatigue
songs that are always on in background expected to win big at grammys
authorities urge florida residents to prevent further disasters by finally standing up to hurricane
land before time vi released straight to landfill
chili's introduces savory new 200-times-baked potatoes
margot robbie gave one unlucky 'suicide squad' member a misspelled tattoo
new prisoner recognized from 'scared straight' visit
trump calls on congress to empower agencies to oust federal workers
sanders beats all top republican candidates in latest poll
marco rubio's rivals take aim at his history on immigration
portia munson talks color and empowerment at frieze
researchers have established a worrisome link between social media usage and sleep
breitbart criticized for publishing humanizing profile of libtard beta-cuck
bush elected president of iraq
liquor's neon coloring likely good measure of its excellence
the television academy twitter account confused terrence howard with cuba gooding jr.
20 years after oklahoma city bombing, words still matter
ferguson protesters target black friday sales
study: all of your memories implanted in you 5 minutes ago when universe was created
child getting pretty cozy with stranger's leg
trucking industry honors methamphetamines
sean spicer cradling comfort pig throughout briefing
immigrant laborers hired to delete spam
idea to see mario van peebles movie occurs to no one
kate mckinnon kills as laura ingraham on 'saturday night live'
republicans, democrats unite in good laugh over reform party
paul ryan quietly doing seated ab exercises throughout state of the union
if grown-ups faced the same problems kids do
new forced-retirement community opens for local 60-year-olds
bush frustrated by mother's constant questioning of his plans post-white house
tlc producer wants list of 100 fucked-up families on desk by end of day
presidential commission announces no candidates met threshold to compete in second debate
romanian communist-era labor colony chief jailed for 20 years
kitten valiantly attempts high five
'finding nemo' told with emoji is pretty freaking adorable
5 successful tips for finding the best deal
the one thing you never want to hear tim gunn say about your outfit
assisted living center widower has eye on cute, hunched-forward little number
senator dick durbin forced to watch state of the union address from home after getting ripped off by ticket scalper
congressman torn between meaningless pledge to anti-tax zealot, well-being of nation
australian broadcaster apologizes for asking asian journalist, 'are you yellow?'
leaked powerpoint reveals the gas industry's playbook for waging pipeline fights
the first trailer for 'snowden,' starring joseph gordon-levitt, is practically a résumé
smart aleck ruins academy awards
recovery nonprofits stem the tide while government ignores addiction crisis
'incredibles 2' forced to take out grisly cannibalism scene in order to secure pg rating
why starting a company is a crazy thing
study determines whether family or friends are the key to long life
thousands protest peacefully in baltimore, and many lend a helping hand
the resistance gave birth to a girl and her name is hannah risheq
teacher just hopes they never google him
7 trends that offer a snapshot of american religion today
dr. scholl's introduces new cartilage inserts for all-day knee pain relief
the myth of the ethical shopper
when anxiety has you (literally) pulling your hair out
how to pick a lifestyle consistent with your passion
chris kattan wondering whether he should start a podcast
the undocu-care-van heads to sacramento
hip, laid-back doctor refers to influenza as 'the flu'
the warwick rowers' calendar apparently deemed 'gay propaganda' in russia
george w. bush forgets to mention 9/11 in memoir
kentucky clerk kim davis appeals contempt ruling
loyal driveway patiently waiting for owner to return from work
fourth-graders differ over how much allergic classmate's face swelled up
sexual assault report drops from white house site, remains on obama archive (update)
will foot fetishists foot the bill for nsfw new toy?
this eating disorder awareness campaign boycotts the 'before' photo
chinese takeout restaurant has seen man at his worst
mayan calendar warns of cataclysmic roland emmerich film on nov. 13
friday's morning email: trump: 'i thought it would be easier'
report finds drug tunnels most intact transport infrastructure in u.s.
drake collaborates with sotheby's on black art exhibit
what it means to be a 'dream director' at one of d.c.'s struggling schools
filming police in public places: a risky first amendment activity for citizen journalists
rob schneider lands role originally written for chimp
high school student whines his way to 4.0 gpa
man surprised to learn high school classmate became completely different type of fuckup
why this nun says you don't have the same soul you were born with
community mural depicts misshapen globs of all races
parent mad 6-year-old didn't like peanuts special
white house works to release republican memo despite fbi warning
woman-owned businesses on the rise in afghanistan
hit the jackpot with 5 breathtaking las vegas views
37-year-old makes absolutely heartbreaking last-ditch effort to get really into new band
the secret to the best barbecue
nate silver defends torture methods used to make election projections
after criticism, benjamin netanyahu defends planned speech to congress
mom just called to say hi and that she's very sad
the healthcare industry: a prescription to help heal racial economic inequality
woman finds imperfect mate at outlet mall
what did we learn from the betsy devos confirmation? money wins.
private eye's office ransacked for fourth time this month
new 'steak & onion' potato chips taste disturbingly like steak and onions
hubris rewarded
nick jonas shows off his best 'blue steel' on cover of adon magazine
russian athlete dedicates olympic medal to 'unfairly' banned compatriots
report: employers created 40,000 new jobs for existing employees last month
visit home reveals parents currently watching previously undiscovered game show
25 halloween costumes for men with beards
will kelly last longer than scaramucci?
relationship at point where woman has to learn boyfriend's family's weird card games
congress relieved to admit it's not going to accomplish anything this year
rumsfeld equally proud of all his wars
cern researchers apologize for destruction of 5 parallel universes in recent experiment
trevor noah defends obama from conservative criticism on police brutality
missing kazakhstani nukes turn up in manhattan
hot girl mentions boyfriend three hours into conversation
want to start school later? avoid these 10 common traps
putting up with dave's shit not in job description
new tsa precheck program offers expedited interrogations for muslim passengers
read the full text of donald trump's executive order limiting muslim entry to the u.s.
donald trump picks up his first congressional endorsements
cnn technicians rush to empty wolf blitzer's urine tank midway through election coverage
area man willing to give up any of muslims' rights necessary to feel safe
prestigious university touts racial diversity of dining hall staff
man disgusted just by constant thought of 2 guys kissing
new year, new semester: college prep for juniors
perfect girlfriend blames self for everything
clinton throws flash grenade to divert attention from question about senate voting record
'planet earth ii' finale finally resolves will-they/won't-they storyline between snow leopard, golden eagle
chrissy teigen points out mitt romney's hypocrisy in one tweet
recently canonized martyr added to vatican's animatronic hall of saints
family saved by three-way inflatable goat
hanes, fruit of the loom locked in bitter struggle no one else aware of
diego luna's short film celebrates 'the immigrants that make the u.s. great'
desperate trump campaign turns to congress for support in attacks against khan family
satyajit ray's apu trilogy premieres at moma, again
study: american spiritual epiphanies increasingly juice-based
nation's economic recovery hinging on success of diet vanilla coke
abortion doctor's murder sparks waves of calm, rational discussion
area man disappointed in self for already being full
son never showed such dedication until starting football hazing
man unnerved by uncanny alternate universe of restaurant's second location
mtv movie awards snubs director jonas mekas yet again
parents turn sexting teen daughter in to police
this flip-book marriage proposal is pretty flippin' cute
independence and nakba: intertwined and inseparable
jeff goldblum says he was almost the voice of apple
aides wrestle drill from trump's hands as he tries to remove obama listening device from skull
father of muslim american war hero: we cannot defeat terror by dividing america
national enquirer turns on michael cohen
public calls for formation of some sort of federal administration to manage emergencies
nato admits slovenia, mummenschanz, czech republic
emma watson donates $1.4 million to fight sex harassment in curtain raiser to baftas
college newspaper staff know exactly how they would respond if editorial freedom challenged
constituents shout down republican when she ducks a question about obamacare
'you are the jewel of my collection,' says saudi prince while guiding frightened jared kushner toward harem
report: mom saw car that slid off road into ditch
stingray loves when aquarium visitors squeal and recoil after touching it
woman pays full price for carpet during one-day-only non-sale
a-sides with jon chattman: sweet and not-so-sweet emotions: joe perry gets honest about aerosmith in new memoir
huffpollster: indiana's gop primary will be a battle between demographics and economics
department of labor study confirms your job most demanding
12 shirtless firemen save woman from year of loneliness
why i went to the paris climate talks
none of area man's friends have ever seen him with shirt on
will smith and jada pinkett smith look incredible as always at the 2016 golden globes
pile of dirty clothes on bedroom floor starting to mix with pile of clean clothes on bedroom floor
our final oscar predictions, plus who should actually win at sunday's awards
dot declares pothole too perfect to fill
attempt to meet different types of people thwarted by partygoer who also watches 'friday night lights'
february's hottest new releases
trump warns removing confederate statues could be slippery slope to eliminating racism entirely
dear christians
two millennials recreated 'annie hall' with a cast of senior actors
offshorers demand: no taxes, no risk
bernie sanders endorses tom perriello in virginia's gubernatorial race
solutions to the influence of big money in politics: heeding president obama's call
former playboy model accuses oliver stone of groping her breast
10 rules for a great startup idea
time traveler from the year 1998 warns nation not to elect newt gingrich
germany disavows ties with the scorpions
man shoots up bathroom when occupant takes too long, police say
trump reads fake version of own speech
iraq is investigating alleged executions of sunnis in fallujah
the world's worst ebola outbreak, by the numbers
doj lawyers will fly to minneapolis to probe jamar clark shooting
aaron carter opens up about his sexuality in emotional twitter post
the bizarre story of trump's first congressional endorsement
florist who turned away gay couple wants supreme court to hear her case
watch this swimmer disappear into winter storm jonas
treasury department renames building to honor emancipated slaves
the u.s. can't afford to continue the death penalty
why i decided not to do a phd
coworkers currently gchatting about you
now is the time to talk about your pregnancy loss
smiling now primarily used to communicate anger
trump budget a disaster for women and families
'finding dory' just keeps swimming past the box office competition
teen parents skip prom
grandfather clock does loop-the-loop with pendulum when no one looking
no one has heart to ask human beat box to stop
tennis star forgot her massive check at u.s. open
horrifying email from ex-girlfriend titled 'a few things'
insane marshmallow clouds bubble up in severe storms
ridiculous bat vs. pipe road rage battle gets 'star wars' treatment
clinton 'glad to be back in civilization again'
celebs' most iconic grammys outfits ever
like, share and, now, shop on facebook
amtrak passengers treated to whirlwind tour of poor people's yards
family impressed by extra effort father putting in to hide drinking
bourbon helps carpet salesman forget about carpeting for awhile
candice patton of the flash talks about meeting the fans! part ii
how to eliminate procrastination (the surprising strategy one man used)
collecting evidence of war crimes in syria
there's another grand canyon
area man up for anything except being the one who makes the decision
frances bean cobain enters prehab
dope cannabis lifestyle brand is unapologetically asian-american
report: mom going to need you to pitch in around house after her procedure
cumbre de las américas: ¿otro desastre para obama?
teen responsible for all six items in clarksburg police blotter
shaken attorney general resigns after learning what murder is
john kerry actually pretty good at windsurfing now
man worried new 'jumanji' movie going to ruin memory of mediocre afternoon in 1995
nation's boyfriends dreading 'free event in the park' season
americans approve of barack obama's legacy but don't necessarily want to see it continue
the 5 amazing health benefits of spicy foods
star wars fan collects all 48,720
newt gingrich: 'it's an honor to address a crowd that shares my utterly bizarre and unhealthy obsession with hillary clinton'
really hip 90-year-old figures he has every right to torrent glenn miller's 'in the mood'
5-year-old has heart-wrenching reunion with mom after airport detention
here's a highlight reel of sean spicer's bumbling from 'jimmy kimmel'
the 12 colleges with the biggest sweet tooth, 2015 ranking by grubhub
cleveland killing prompts facebook to review handling of violent posts
ethical hunter throws duck he shot back into sky
i'm finally ok with letting myself be 'uncomfortable'
wall street journal seeks 'substantial' newsroom buyouts
obama could end the slaughter in yemen within hours
friend tells depressing details of how he's covered by freelancers union
r.e.m.'s children still hoping parents will get back together
how i came to follow my passion
making the road in new york: a model for work-family policy change
herculean effort, astronomical expense lead to photo of whole family at disney world
new epa chief proposes 30% cut in all carbon-based organisms
cnn's hollywood minute announces special two-minute season premiere
the story of brianna brochu reveals the dark current of racism in connecticut
searching for my identity and the right house
vatican appoints 'new generation' cardinal head of key archdiocese
money men say, voters move over, it's not your election!
group of '90s footnotes welcomes gingrich home
nation hoping 'the newsroom' ends before trayvon martin storyline
why leelah alcorn's suicide is indicative of greater issues for transgender youth
unpaid internship a really great experience for local company
tractor pulls now number-one use for u.s. tractors
fda warns another company about unapproved consumer genetic tests
we tested the new 'tearless' onions to see if they really work
budget cuts force british government to shut down mysterious seaside village
song deemed good enough to put girlfriend on shoulders
phil spector joins jennifer hudson to present 'best new artist' grammy
panic floods mike pence's system before realizing hand on knee his own
watch: stunning holy fire ritual lights up orthodox easter
marco rubio still rock-hard days after being publicly humiliated on national stage
there really is an increased risk of heart attack over the holidays
indiana becomes fourth state to ban great sex
mindfulness in your 20s: lessons i learned from a hitchhiker
6 ways to cut wedding costs, according to wedding planners
marti noxon poured her own life into 'to the bone,' a movie about anorexia
the many benefits of lucid dreaming
bill clinton, tim kaine cancel iowa event after police shooting
black voters helped elect the man who prosecuted birmingham church bombers
stack of unused cd-rs turns five
authorities on loudspeaker plead with holdout characters to evacuate disney world while they still can
sources: barista not actually flirting with you
autopsy reveals subject was still alive when autopsy began
area man outraged his private information being collected by someone other than advertisers
4 ways to make cooking at home doable -- and more fun
this dallas rap group released a powerful ode to black lives matter
someone recut the 'elf' trailer as a thriller, and it's terrifying
whoopi goldberg and jimmy fallon keep it weird
missing maryland college student who prompted campus closure found dead
a majority of americans disagree with donald trump's hard-line stances on climate change
why and how to eliminate mortgage charges by third parties
new york's attorney general wants to keep birth control free
how elizabeth warren's own book makes the case she should run for president
serious mitt romney demanding to be addressed as 'mitthew' now
open-minded man tries to get news from variety of facebook friends
white house slam dunk contest results in no slam dunks
look: what it's like to race canoes in ny's hudson river
big coal funded this prominent climate change denier, docs reveal
where did the freedom go? fight for the accessible information continues
shared memory of children's television show leads to sex
the tr*mp effect: transgender folks' mental health post-election
comedian shows how easy it is to get a medical marijuana card in california
fresca quietly takes control of 18-34 demographic in daring overnight raid
man who didn't get joke acts like he did
nervous voter totally blanks on american values while looking at ballot
advisors tell trump, cruz to stick to just attacking all women in general
monster got tina
goldfish dying to be petted just once
national review writer: ben carson 'more authentically black' than obama
evidence photos prove michael brown hit darren wilson so hard, he almost left a mark
north korea executes vice premier for not sitting up straight, south korea says
if these walls could talk
report: more americans setting aside money in case of pr emergency
25 hilarious, adorable and just plain strange quotes from kids
area woman wants to be singer or actor or whatever
nation shudders to think how mad nra would be if obama actually proposed meaningful gun control
adorable animated hunchback to shove self down area throats
ferguson crisis is symptomatic of many other injustices
odorite introduces new three-tier urinal cake
crocodile bites off bush's arm
theory versus truth
the soft corruption of clinton, inc. -- and how it could cost democrats the presidency
report: airlines installing uncomfortable bumps in seatbacks because it pleases them
gop senator says he was unmoved by meeting with merrick garland before meeting actually happens
ode to gaza
area dad spends super bowl looking regretfully at son who wasn't allowed to play football
former presidents convene for liver spot summit
joe biden: being vice president is 'a bitch'
fda prepares nation for switch to digital food format
5 lessons from chibok
how do you campaign for your dad in iowa? ask martin o'malley's teenage son.
american people admit having facebook data stolen kind of worth it to watch that little fucker squirm
new evidence reveals christ lounged in tomb for extra hour before finally rising from grave
colbert mocks 'kellyanne kanye' for his bizarre pro-trump tweetstorm
milosevic confesses to crimes against subhumanity
west virginia celebrates as 32 die in non-mining-related accident
leap of faith
u.s. will no longer punish families of hostages for paying ransom
nbc nabs trump interview, and msnbc plays it on seemingly infinite loop
hot rock-and-roll chick totally married
moms demand action, everytown flex grassroots muscle to defeat the nra's dangerous agenda
balance... a reminder from the washing machine
this gif sums up the impact of addiction and mental illness on america
fox news radio host todd starnes deems chick-fil-a the 'official chicken of jesus'
what part of hamas strategy is so difficult for john kerry, joe scarborough and hillary to understand?
latest gop debate concludes with candidates wrestling squealing pig to ground and slaughtering it
loss of cat child's first real experience with death, killing
couple going at it like tired, sexually incompetent rabbits
bobby brown thanks fans for support during 'rough times'
pulitzer board adds giant pumpkin category
comey: 'what can i say, i'm just a catty bitch from new jersey and i live for drama'
why these people of faith are marching for women this weekend
houghton mifflin harcourt releases new leather-bound philip roth
a classic jason somehow gets mixed into area man's anecdote collection
uae warns citizens to avoid wearing traditional clothing while abroad
new report finds adult film star may have paid over $130,000 to cover up sexual encounter with trump
bobby jindal vows to return america to time when he was rising republican star
8-year-old allowed to stay up late to watch johnny carson's funeral
vegetarian can't bring self to eat ihop's funny face pancakes
some fucking guy at warner bros. wondering what shooting of 12 means for ticket sales
loser congressman carries around pocket-sized version of constitution everywhere
brad pitt sidelined 6 to 8 weeks with red carpet toe
the 2016 'dumbing down' of america
navy seal who killed bin laden calls trump's parade plan 'third world bulls**t'
world's first successful penis transplant results in pregnancy
artist starving for a reason
beloved mcdonald's fry cook honored with huge retirement party
mckinsey global institute: women's equality would unleash massive growth
kirk douglas rings in the big 100 with birthday bash worthy of a legend
ncaa will pull more events from north carolina unless hb2 is repealed, sports group warns
occasionally you realize someone you thought was a dear friend is actually a foe, their true character finally revealed. but how do you forgive the unforgivable? here are my 10 steps to handling betrayal with elegance and grace.
3 reasons to get out of your comfort zone immediately
the email tricks that will completely change your life
nasa receives info on jupiter's large helium deposits from juno probe's squeaky, high-pitched transmission
on alan turing, me and my son
pope francis delivers eucharist philly style
how discriminatory immigration policy affects the unborn
softball camp hits home run, pairs amputee military members with kids who've lost limbs
man angry at self after not recognizing actress in eyelash commercial
one of trump's accusers is bringing a train car full of people to the women's march
psst! disability competitiveness: pass it on!
scientists finally prove what area dad has been saying for years
ann romney's grandma tips are 'freakin' awesome'
democratic election sweep may complicate gop push for tax reform
marriage confession: our 50 shades are more frayed than grey
nation's grandmothers swept up in textile-messaging craze
weird porno stops at kissing
beyond marriage equality: the next fight for lgbt rights
federal judge in detroit orders temporary ban on trump immigration restrictions
donald trump won't stop talking about how 'healthy' he is
how my latino family does christmas differently
republicans, north korea considering nuclear option
gravedigger suspended after taking photo with dead man
terry gilliam barbecue plagued by production delays
birthday wish wasted on trying to bring dad back
obama and holder's weak call for justice
bus driver appears to have had rough summer
the water war that will decide the fate of 1 in 8 americans
conversation at other end of table sounds way more interesting
toilet that uses 50 percent less water must be flushed six times
amy schumer hints she will push to reduce gun violence
report: more americans forced to sell gold pocket watch in order to afford set of fine combs for wife
larry nassar was allowed to see patients during sexual assault investigation
this site lets parents easily show their kids how to give back
yes, my child with special needs understands you -- please talk to him
i'm mourning the old kidz bop kids
your favorite 'drag race' queens are about to battle at a theater near you
pizza hut introduces new meat sympathizer's pizza
the immorality of trump's new travel ban
4 simple ways to stay grounded and stress-free during the holidays
roy clark deep-fried in beer batter
biden working his way through scratch-off tickets during obama's swearing-in
lutheran minister arrested on charges of boring young children
wilmer flores' friday night was straight out of a hollywood movie
'as you can see, they are quite harmless,' says uber representative guiding detective through warehouse of sleeping autonomous cars
florida passes bill gutting abortion and contraception access
robert duvall says he might vote third party in 2016
pope visits one of italy's most dangerous areas
the makeup packing question
everyone in whitey bulger trial found dead in woods outside dorchester
'secretary clinton is a different person than donald trump,' says bernie sanders in ringing endorsement
dancing wild man strikes again, badly shaken bar-goers report
colorado gun restrictions upheld by federal judge
more bodies found at mass grave in suspected thai trafficking camp
neighborhood kids grant landmark status to house where guy killed himself
why tommy chong is fired up about marijuana
a millennial dad's tech divide
6 ways to overcome a life challenge
jimmy fallon treats sienna miller and anthony bourdain to some really terrible food
british girl exotic enough
trump: 'i know that was pretty bad, but let's just say you're going to want to save your energy'
energy department official who called obama a 'kenyan creampuff' resigns
the democrats can no longer avoid introspection
timothée chalamet donates 30,000 smoldering looks to time's up fund in wake of woody allen controversy
fugitive caretakers allegedly steal wwii veteran's life savings
does strange death curse haunt cast of gone with the wind?
woman always thought she would have more impressive showerhead by this age
university with 20,000 applicants to choose from somehow goes with caitlin
semiotics department accuses university administration of anti-semiotism
donald trump is not the first president to send someone a check
god regrets never creating any two-headed snake creatures
hurricane bitch hits florida
6 facts you didn't know about trade and how they affect you
roommate protective services rescues helpless 22-year-old from squalid apartment
ken lay's corpse sentenced to prison
freakonomist keeps close eye on ge stock versus height of mexican weightlifters
a socal brunch spot was caught using popeyes chicken in its dishes
how texas could set national template for limiting abortion access
lincoln memorial pool to be drained after 80 ducklings die
why this video of a boy zipping a jacket is so powerful
security guard makes passing women feel unsafe
study: all american problems could be solved by just stopping and thinking for two seconds
the mouse that roared
philip roth obituary just thinly disguised version of author's life
mockingbird imitates car alarm perfectly
report: only way nation will pay attention to climate change is if julia roberts dies in hurricane
the soul-crushing reality of the stay-at-home dad
scott disick and 18-year-old lindsay vrckovnik are apparently just friends
bernie's wrecking crew
the future of driving, in one provocative chart
facebook outreach tool ignores black lives matter
sheepish secret service agent can't explain how vacuum cleaner salesman got into oval office
man records every detail of his life for 5 years
thrilling season opener marred by concussion questions
college professor reminds students it will take a few classes to memorize everyone's triggers
debris found in south africa could be from missing flight mh370
93-year-old is killin' it on instagram with her modeling shots
suction cup-wearing robert mueller forced to cower behind white house chandelier after trump returns home earlier than planned
carmelo anthony randomly ran a mini-marathon mid-game
most important election of 2015: chuy garcia's people's campaign versus rahm emanuel's big money
that's what host of 'showtime at the apollo' talking about
dog mauls owners after they tried to dress him in sweater: police
top soccer official says trump presidency would hurt u.s. world cup bid
campaign begins in arizona to make recreational marijuana legal
verizon and unions reach 'tentative agreement' to end strike
dallas shootings cast shadow over obama trip to spain
teacher cut off woman's hair during hug: cops
outrage erupts over report that mark wahlberg made over 1,000 times more than michelle williams
japan spotted hovering over algeria
why have there been so many anti-gay attacks in dallas?
elie wiesel, holocaust survivor and nobel laureate, dead at 87
'i have four young children,' says kellyanne conway in most disturbing public statement to date
barry pepper getting by
real toy used as sex toy
the story of how pumpkin spice lattes almost never happened
man googling 'tender lump on neck' about to begin exciting new phase in life
transgender people open up about the impact of hiv on the trans community
teen coming out of shell giving bully lots of new material to work with
smug new mom going to start a blog
pope francis concerned about infection from holy spirit bite
novelty welcome mat lets party guests know they're in for some fun
police uncover talk-show-guest mill in rural kentucky
this timeout video is toddler angst at its finest
don king enjoys grandilomentitudinous sandwich
hawaii legalized same-sex marriage 6 months ago -- guess what's happened since
area man mentions that people have said he looks like tom cruise
someone filming b-roll at pike place market right now
office janitor asks to work from home
emirates airlines cuts flights due to trump's travel bans
fact-checking walmart's fact-check of the new york times
nature films: do they glamorize molting?
clinton tests positive for presidency-enhancing drugs
report: snoring may increase risk of having throat slit during night by loved one
trump's tailspin
'walking dead' writers regret naming every single character 'rick'
trevor noah compares trump surrogates to bizarre cirque du soleil
machine guns are not protected by the second amendment, appeals court rules
veteran congressman can still remember when inaction on gun violence actually presented a moral dilemma
nfl player's tweets about gruesome injury remind us that life is 'cruel sometimes'
u.s. consumers demand wider selection
reasons we drink heavily on thanksgiving
debut author virginia franken talks about flawed characters, her (new) addiction to coffee, what dance taught her about writing, and more
colombian rebel 25 years younger than colombian civil war
czech's mix part 3:  clarinet factory (video)
officials raid home of activist behind planned parenthood 'sting' videos
tree outside window upset man just changed channel
middle manager announces plans to skedaddle
empire state building reopens spire to visitors
child unaware just how many of his toys intended to steer him away from homosexuality
ad for drummer personally attacks old drummer
lebron james wears a safety pin on the cover of sports illustrated
joan rivers perfectly shut down the single woman stereotype in 1967
12 non-cliché beauty lessons according to your favorite celebs
meditation in the menopause
puerto rico's official death toll hits 39, with the final number still unknown
scott walker is missing!
all-beef patty 70 percent beef
mars probe destroyed by orbiting spielberg-gates space palace
alton sterling's family demands action from baton rouge officials
guantánamo detainee ruled not mentally fit to testify about psychological torture
university of tulsa off the hook in sexual assault lawsuit
hamburglar urges senate subcommittee to 'robble robble robble'
here's how you can help lgbtq communities around the country
amazon fires warehouse worker who took unauthorized breath
hero soldier receives presidential thumbs-up award
corporate, koch money dominates early 2016 senate race spending
this squirrel just cheated death on the olympic snowboarding course
trump's new 'domestic gag rule' would strip funds from planned parenthood
ponds institute tops 1997 cosmopolitan college poll
virulent strain of soy flu traced to single tofurkey
maple tree wishes it was given a say in becoming memorial to man's dead wife
area man's biggest accomplishment not ever killing anyone with his car
report: you live in an embarrassing country
washington governor: 'we are not afraid to take action' on guns
report: north korea just enjoys nuclear talks
will congressional nsa action matter?
nine-hundred-pound man left to die
burden of parental expectation available in youth sizes
report: nurse who fought ebola quarantine to leave maine
'empire' releases pitbull & ne-yo songs from season 2
anderson cooper shreds 'incoherent' trump: 'like a crazy person on a park bench'
guantánamo inmates cheer after learning trump saved their home
man surveys party for next group to silently stand in
house condescendingly approves $400 in added stimulus
mother of slaying victim glad it was onion reporter who knocked on her door half an hour after funeral
move over, katy perry. this nerdy professor has his own closing argument to make for clinton.
married couple only staying together for sake of u.s. divorce rate
'stranger things' renewed for season 3 by netflix
new grill to revive foreman-ali rivalry
putin learns putin behind plot to assassinate putin
compliment of pants sounds suspiciously like intent to steal them
god provides gift to women in form of marketing analyst bradley ennis
states slow to shut down weak teacher education programs
secretary of transportation spends 3 hours cleaning up wikipedia page on roundabouts
attention politicians: god created and welcomes us in all of our diversity
the robot apocalypse is looking pretty damn funky in new boston dynamics video
sir mix-a-lot's 'baby got back' gets a stomping country twang
former chinese dissident has your order ready
'handmaid's tale' waitlists surge in libraries across america
washington players celebrate on the field with simulated 'stop and frisk'
judge totally understands where defendant is coming from
what happened at a texas frat when they thought no one was watching
with friends like these: trump speaks among bigots who want lgbt people dead
nra says parkland students should be grateful for guns giving them such a memorable bonding experience
americans trust hillary clinton over donald trump on terrorism
row of dusty playstation 2 games continues reign at top of book shelf
chicago cubs head to world series for first time since 1945 after dodgers blowout
report: 58% of world's japanese speakers white 23-year-old american males
23-year-old arrested for failure to own halogen lamp
roy moore retires from politics to spend more quality time with someone's kid
man who pulls up with music pumping probably coming from someplace cooler
my friend michael and the power of acknowledgement
the 'ocean's 8' trailer is finally here and june can't come fast enough
charlottesville may put the brakes on campus free speech laws
woman duct-tapes her dog's mouth and brags about it
how a group of outcast teen boys taught me the value of youth sports
kinky couple has mirror in bathroom
new comic features aquaman as 45-year-old single father to troubled flounder
'employees must wash hands' signs top iraqi hospital wish list
warren buffett gives single largest charitable contribution
freud on how to forget the past
the ryan fitzpatrick era must end for the new york jets
sony unveils matte-black box of red and green lights
dozens of knockoff internets flood market after patent expires
report: gap wider than ever between ultra-rich and reality
if state takeover of new orleans schools worked, act scores below 16 wouldn't be embarrassing
dog brothers can't get enough of their new duckling siblings
rupert murdoch, are you ok?
report: no one currently thinking about you
treasury department honors women with first female currency
mother still yammering away under her tombstone
hillary clinton vs. herself
this week in world war i november 29-december 5, 1914
stray pit bull stuck in tire is set free... and gets a sweet surprise
researchers uncover brain region associated with generosity
obama returns from trade summit with 5 stout ships full of cardamom, silk, and indigo
donald trump leads by 20 points. here's why he could still lose.
artist performs a kaleidoscopic transformation on fruits and veggies
why i'm going to let my daughter fail math
bo obama addresses graduates of dayton obedience school
uber has a new service and it isn't helping in 'jimmy kimmel' spoof
justice department plans to retry bob menendez for bribery, corruption
prick veterinarian keeps dachshund waiting in empty lobby for 45 minutes
man honestly thought breakdown would be more obvious to people
5 types of web content for driving extra traffic
china, india account for half world's pollution deaths in 2015
cage match settles nothing
mike pence: the birther issue is over
mom spends beach vacation assuming all household duties in closer proximity to ocean
trump's lawyer got restraining order against stormy daniels to keep her quiet
the 1 minute blog. protesters and looting.
russians to build, tear down statue
the redheads are coming! the redheads are coming!
nsa scrambling to reestablish whereabouts of man who covered laptop camera with tape
coworker running ncaa tournament pool really relishing his one week of significance
history channel helicopter to give viewers bird's eye view of history
even tesla fanatics are shocked by model 3 preorders
older brother playing with younger brother on swing set will one day con him out of $50,000
god wondering how far he could throw earth
realtor obligated to tell potential buyers about murder happening in basement
serious man pleased with how jowls are coming in
weekend roundup: victory in myanmar for democracy -- on a leash
kathryn bigelow - first woman to win oscar for best directress
beekeeper wishes he understood women like he understands bees
san diego zoo displays first rhino stillborn in captivity
the wonderful moment a returning soldier surprised his parents at an nhl game
like boxes of shit in your house? get a cat
cash-strapped michael jackson forced to sell off pet giraffes as meat
first amendment lawsuit says student was punished for wearing a t-shirt advocating gun rights
immigrant youth give dianne feinstein 'donald trump award'
great, now it's turned into a whole big thing
can blind auditions change the ratio of women in tech journalism?
the unforgettable memorial of warhol superstar holly woodlawn
watch out, sephora. h&m beauty is coming for you.
what experts say about waiting to cut your baby's umbilical cord
ramen master defeated by new kung-pao style
notre dame, stung by 'the hunting ground,' is under u.s. investigation for sexual harassment cases
donald trump tells religious conservatives he's their guy
man who cried himself to sleep last night has some great ideas for growing company's brand
gaunt, weathered john kerry leads prisoner uprising in siberian labor camp
18,000 sports fans doing whatever dancing fluorescent chicken tells them
daily meditation: the call of adventure
watch live: how to make your favorite summer treats
subwoofer worth the horrible credit rating
pope francis kills 3 hours milling around atlanta airport during layover to d.c.
'the economist' to halt production for month to let readers catch up
watch ted cruz flub a fox news interview on immigration
netanyahu doubles down against obama with powerpoint on perils of affordable care act
donald trump slams virginia gop for instituting loyalty pledge
one judge's order for hate crime committers: read more books
ahmadinejad signs on as dean at sarah lawrence
microsoft signs justice dept. attorney to $350 million endorsement deal
5 signs that you should end your relationship
a devastating story of friendship and heartbreak that definitely passes the bechdel test
yelp employee fired after public post to ceo saying she can't afford food
kim kardashian tries to explain why she's famous to a toddler
remembering jimmy breslin and a newspaper world long gone
area man wins conversation
ted cruz wins idaho republican primary
guitar music fad runs course
6 questions every parent should ask themselves before telling their kids to 'try harder'
move over rosé, blue wine is now on the market
subway manager disgusted by sight of cold cut combo devouring large rat
number of homeless students in america is rising rapidly
martini, rossi slain by anti-spumanti extremists
man reminisces about innocent comforts of previous video game level
elon musk says he's sold 10,000 flamethrowers through his boring co. website
this is what amy schumer did at her prom
elon football player demitri allison dies in 10-story fall
butterball releases new travel-size turkey
puerto rico governor calls white house after trump's unsettling fema tweets
craigslist apartment listing uses record 354 exclamation points
john boehner blasts obama over pace of reform at department of veterans affairs
roy moore tries, fails to heckle jimmy kimmel
how marketing leaders can secure a seat in the c-suite
coworker loudly typing away like 1930s cub reporter chasing hot lead
huffpollster: carly fiorina probably won't help ted cruz save his campaign
train collision in belgium kills 3, injures 40
thousands gather in louisville to pay final respects to muhammad ali
suspects chased by cops spin doughnuts on hollywood street
ammon bundy says he's following directions from god
visionary sports columnist asserts that muhammad ali's greatest fight wasn't in the ring
bush epa chief chastises trump's climate change denying pick
portraits of sikh men reveal the diverse beauty of turbans and beards
this parody perfectly explains how lovely it was to be a woman in 2016
'with binomials, just remember foil,' reports man keeping teens from having sex between 2:30 and 3:20
woman to be ordained despite excommunication threat
vietnam: from hell to heaven on earth
blood-drenched sarah koenig announces topic for upcoming season of 'serial'
emporia, kansas named best small town in america to escape from
relationship definitely hurtling toward something
tsa agents to now simply stand at checkpoints and remind passengers that we all die someday
terrifying man selling dead trees out of middle school parking lot
metta world peace thinks that matt barnes fight factored into derek fisher's firing
new $50 million planetarium opens young minds to wonders of pink floyd
let food truly be your fuel
mexico expects nafta talks by late august, economy minister says
mizzou chancellor condemns 'verbal assault' by melissa click during homecoming parade
cruel owner chains bike outside in freezing weather
poll: 100% of grandsons talented
gop senator gets honest: 'trust me, we will not allow the supreme court to flip'
red hot chili peppers accidentally write song about new hampshire
why i won't be at pride this year, in one long rant
asian man has thing for asian women
apartment completely flooded with disgusting sunlight
area man lies awake at night worrying about toner cartridges
climate change and trump's board-game patriotism
police officer doesn't see a difference between black, light-skinned black suspects
right-to-kill advocate opposes right-to-die measure
pope francis speaks to bishops on gay marriage and families in philadelphia
computer science in vietnam: counting down to the hour of code
mtv blurs out controversial extended middle finger
environmental leaders cautious, yet hopeful despite trump's big win
local asshole attains world-class status
shopper takes bizarre journey beyond bed, bath
everest avalanche victim's loved ones launch campaign dedicated to 'living life as an adventure'
bartender going to pretend that last drink was supposed to be served on fire
report: shopoholism may have killed the shoposauruses
baby jesus stolen from live nativity
'gender creative' is not the new 'hipster'
encyclopedic knowledge not so handsomely bound
alec and hilaria baldwin's pregnancy announcement is adorable
huffpost's instagram: what's new
see the latest empowering breastfeeding photo that's causing controversy on facebook
did trump collude with russia or obstruct justice? probably both
we're all connected
area man gets in one last night of sex before breakup
speaker ryan's challenger receives $1 million boost
dog named murph lives up to name
whales beach selves in attempt to purchase 'the onion book of known knowledge'
nfl commissioner's proposed solution to domestic violence problem proves they just don't get it
stripper failing school she's working self through
fly on wall can't believe they're restructuring entire west coast division
interview: kristen wiig, bill hader, and craig johnson on the skeleton twins
last thing government worker needed was agency labeling him 'nonessential'
controlling birth, controlling pregnant women
watch: the insanely easy way to poach a dozen eggs at once
u.s. government opens special 5,000-acre area where americans can go blow off steam
james comey just exposed his own hypocrisy on hillary clinton's emails
biden urges paul ryan to check out nude scene from 'porky's' on phone
visiting liberian dignitary in no hurry to leave
friend who's into politics makes you feel stupid again
cooking off the cuff: a simple sicilian way with swordfish - with a light sauce as equal partner
london replica goes up in flames on great fire's 350th anniversary
mom keeps sending newspaper clippings about former classmates who have been murdered
u.s. falls short of success
the strange tale of a former putin favorite's fall from grace
hilary duff's dating history
pathetic, washed-up rock star on fifth decade of doing exactly what he always wanted
authorities warn denver residents in direct path of 2037 hurricane alba
if you've ever been told you're too sensitive...
a manners lesson for donald trump about the stars and stripes
george r.r. martin promises fans 'the winds of winter' is nearly started
eddie murphy receives mark twain prize at kennedy center
asu + gsv report: teachers and tech tools
mark sanford's fiancee found out about split from facebook post
depressed nra member half-hoping son will accidentally shoot him
taliban leaders already know which westernized schools the first to go as soon as u.s. troops leave afghanistan
slight drop in measles vaccinations could triple infections in u.s. kids
wilbur and orville wright meet tom hanks: natgeo, pay attention -- this is how it's done
john legend goes in chrissy teigen drag to reenact twitter feuds with trevor noah
history teacher removed from classroom for comparing trump to hitler
kid not getting in strange van for anything less than king-size bar
the ultimate livingston, montana, road trip playlist
jack palance still dead at 87
aaron eckhart likes to make one frankenstein movie for them, one frankenstein movie for himself
the sad mother's ring
why changing the world is a two-step process
disciplinarian parent annoying restaurant much more than unruly toddler ever could
eat your veggies: 9 deliciously different recipes
patagonia introduces new high-performance jacket specially designed to protect wearer on walk between front door and car
should we give cops 'benefit of the doubt' when they kill unarmed people?
italian recipes that are oldies but goodies
watch a carnivore make vegans sound like meatheads
climate change this week: the munchkin dilemma, solar cash crop and more!
the latest 'true blood' death was all sookie's fault
upcoming election deduced from sports illustrated content
i refuse to put your teen on a diet
celebrities mourn george michael after news of his death
angry veterans use 'snl' to send president trump a serious message
guillermo del toro: 'in today's society, the true monsters are the horrifying, flesh-eating gargoyles'
anger in a pre-trump american zionist: a rabbinic response to the obama administration's un abstention
man who threatened to move to canada before election still here
stephen colbert reveals the back-up slogans for donald trump's 2020 campaign
strong earthquake hits western argentina
here's what we know about 'american horror story' season 5
maxim skimmed
newest baywatch  cast member kicks it  with byron allen
10 ways kids changed me forever
47-second clip from 'family ties' season 3 now available on youtube
at&t ceo regrets hiring cohen instead of just dropping a ton of cash at trump international hotel like everyone else
'the time to act is now,' says yellowing climate change report sitting in university archive
watch macklemore's thoughtful commentary on race in america
queen elizabeth screaming at stockbroker to dump everything
condoleezza rice's lunch missing
alleged new orleans airport attacker dies in hospital
live updates on hurricane harvey's aftermath
william katt programs own name into tivo
ranking 25 of the best 'american horror story' characters ever
drew droege is sassy, sloshed and single in a hilarious new play
'washington post' reporter frustrated every space in parking garage taken up by anonymous source
from walls to wheels: driving art in high gear
[in&out korea] anonymous interview on misogyny pt. 1
gap forced to recall pants after man dies eating 37 pairs of corduroys
cancer is awkward
the techno-colonialism of facebook and cambridge analytica
this dancing traffic light is the grooviest way for pedestrians to stay safe
zogby poll: john zogby coolest dude in america
this is how the republican presidential candidates talk about women
wildfires are the 'new reality' for california, gov. brown warns
visible panty line discussed like it's cancer
'why can i never seem to say the right thing?' weeps trump into pillow
here's how concerned republicans are with trump's conflicts of interest
the family talisman
getting off the t train
logo of smiling cartoon tooth holding brush inspires nothing but confidence in local oral surgeon
sitting inside cardboard box the safest 6-year-old will feel for remainder of life
grandma happy to babysit while couple desperately attempts to rekindle relationship
trump administration repeatedly denied there was any contact with russia during campaign
george and amal cloney are a vision in nyc
clinton vetoes 'stab clinton' bill
cruz super pac aims to take out rubio in florida
the five stages of empty-nest syndrome
grandfather's place at dinner table marked by pills
5 things not to say to a transgender person (and 3 things you should)
huffpollster: hillary clinton leads, but by how much?
mental health and nuclear weapons
libertarian candidate embraces his role as spoiler in pennsylvania election
7 workout rules you can totally ignore
larva celebrates ascent to adulthood with bar-moltzvah
you can't have these tech gadgets for christmas
couple dressed as mario and luigi drunkenly making out on couch
to vaccinate or not to vaccinate: why is that even a question?
first disk of rosetta stone hungarian just urges listeners to rethink this whole thing
12 great new books to bring to the beach this summer
cat on the skylight is a true delight
withholding child abuse emails further damages tarnished telegraph
gerbil running late will have to eat her babies on the go
this activist group is giving trump the wall he actually deserves
2 florida deputies shot dead while eating at chinese restaurant
the glory days: iv
to my muslim best friend
equifax says another 2.4 million customers hit by data breach in 2017
let this kid's on-point bat flip guide your monday
woman goes on rant over veteran's service dog in restaurant
parents regret letting child name dog
when christmas isn't merry
former u.s. attorneys warn trump about 'severe repercussions' of firing robert mueller
george zimmerman auctioning off gun used to kill trayvon martin
police, muslim leaders join hands in mourning at westminster bridge
2 killed, 4 injured in mishap at florida coal power plant
texas deputy gunned down in 'cold-blooded' attack at gas station
baldwin's trump boasts on 'snl' he's running country like a waffle house
climate change denier battens down worldview to weather hurricane irma
the 'broad city' ladies have a spa day, but it doesn't go well
area man unable to believe the savings
resist, recruit, train and sustain
tired of the cat eye? try this liner trick instead
trip to bar gives friends opportunity to sit around, do nothing in different place
how to prevent screen addiction in your young children
showdown with johnson & johnson's alex gorsky
the red sweaters you need to look like national treasure kenneth bone
infographic: how to respond to an outbreak - success factors for fighting off ebola
'the bold type' creator on tackling sexual assault in the show's hopeful finale
stage door: wiesenthal
steve wilson on 'the making of gone with the wind'
my husband was living in the wrong body
mom triumphantly drags hotel pool lounge chair back to family like fresh kill
secretary pretty sure vending-machine guy is that uncaptured serial rapist
nanny appears in child's drawings more than mother
purchase justified by theoretical $50 rebate
this is what 2015 will look like according to 'back to the future'
recently discovered 13,000-year-old footprints reveal humans danced the charleston earlier than first thought
bangladesh runs out of people
bionic fingertip restores amputee's sense of touch
man convicted of killing his first family pleads guilty to slaying his second
obamacare repeal could be more difficult than house republicans think
royal baby speaks first words
olympic track star throws javelin to pull out his daughter's tooth
south dakota high school principal injured in school shooting
praise the lord or praise the person?
why the electoral college matters
how model valerie ramsey is opening new worlds for older women
adidas unveils new running shoe for fleeing from mass shootings
elizabeth warren reams gop: 'the system is rigged' against americans
what's-his-face fires publicist
ham glazed to dangerously delicious levels
ted cruz wants to fight obama over immigration, but he forgot about one thing
jeb bush inching podium closer to center of stage during commercial breaks
colorado church remembers fallen officer, asks forgiveness for shooter
area man not exactly sure why doctor needed him undressed for that
facebook offers to freeze female employees' newborn children
area man has no idea what he went downstairs for
why it is important to help children in need
the spirit of paris must prevail
depressed cat just going through motions of destroying couch
i am a white woman and i must confront my racism
zoo hosts contest to name baby of pregnant gift shop worker
larry king's frothing saliva hosed off bette midler
watch: amazing paper airplane toss hits soccer player
women in business: carolina toro-gerstein, ceo and founder of poncho baby inc
eric trump hooks donald jr. up to xbox, ipad, roomba to practice passing polygraph test
report: detroit bankruptcy might transform city into some kind of hellish, depopulated wasteland
army commander depressed after reading facebook comments on latest raid
pyramid scheme 'not a pyramid scheme'
is your relationship unhealthy? 2 questions to ask
lessons from a brush fire: "what do you want us to grab, honey?"
report: none of the 31 americans qualified to be president running this year
corey lewandowski cluelessly turns bomb suspect search into immigration rant
pursued drunk driver crafts brilliant 'don't stop' plan
india holds 5k stampede for charity
world's largest polluters set to meet by rising sea. will climate come up?
a new what??
'lemony snicket' out as wesleyan speaker amid reports of inappropriate comments
kansas will remain a free state, inshallah
family tells ailing mandela racism over
new resort community still trying to think of name
study: 84% of couples who walk around exploring new neighborhood never make it home
nra spokesman: a hebrew?
'depot buys max,' nation's office-supply-loving teens text frantically to one another
lisa kudrow, craig robinson and wyatt russell answer your wedding etiquette questions
don't forget this when you feel overwhelmed
the oscars of the gif world needs you
pillsbury doughboy's image sexed up
only three states score higher than d+ in a state integrity investigation
why would google leave a fake town on its maps?
new study finds people who sit for at least 5 hours each day are comfier
location of newest mass shooting revealed
obama returns from paris climate talks with couple energy-efficient light bulbs
weekly roundup of ebay vintage home finds
washington state bill would allow guns in sports stadiums
obama: black lives matter activists have legitimate concerns
last cherry tomato in salad a wily little bastard
ronald mcdonald statue bears full brunt of teenagers' mockery
14 truths about being an asexual person
report: it not hard at all to imagine your coworkers' supple, nude bodies
lester jackson gets his sorry ass home
at lg forum hosted by h.a.p.a., green and espero target homelessness, lifting people out of poverty
obama says voting barriers are directly linked to jim crow and slavery
loving every minute trump sweats the gop
or do you want to come with me and change the world?
4 must-have digital marketing core competencies
report: that whole side of family just like that
world unites in desire to have a little more time between terrorist attacks
picture of iphone used as iphone wallpaper
savannah guthrie will stay away from rio olympics over zika fears
the revolution at colonial williamsburg
cop grudgingly admits suspect is the best goddamn pedophile he's seen in 30 years on the force
jk rowling had a brilliant response to fan who said she 'can't see' dumbledore being gay
what love is not: 11 truths i want my sons to know on valentine's day
don't be a product leader still failing in business
bill maher calls out republican hypocrisy on 'real time'
stacey dash still just as 'clueless'
here's how this queer couple discovered 'the power of family'
kevin hart drops an f-bomb in awkward nfl network interview
it only takes five minutes to show how thorny america's gun control is
10 essential life lessons from a grandma
majority of time at party spent trying to figure out ride home
trump's already urging policy changes after nyc terrorist attack -- without waiting for 'the facts'
fox news statement taunting trump was '100 percent' roger ailes
it's another ho-ho-horowitz christmas!
thing in cave not finished with eric yet
no, bruce jenner is not having a 'midlife crisis'
the wage gap closed by a whopping one cent in 2015
floppy-armed robot repeatedly warns: 'danger'
lgbtq activists organizing massive dance protest at trump hotel
nick verreos sees a marriage between fashion geeks and computer geeks
cancer, cinema, crowdfunding and twitter
u.s. now 40 percent sports paraphernalia
john kerry's hot mic reaction to gaza: 'hell of a pinpoint operation'
interview with elaine jung
michelle obama renovates van buren workout room
cities are outlawing one job interview question to fight the wage gap
'spongebob' fans will love this pineapple-shaped villa in punta cana
how i navigated my first 7 years of sobriety
democratic drama as curtain rises on new hampshire debate
biden quietly singing pearl jam's 'even flow' during security briefing
chuck schumer warns gop not to change the rules to confirm neil gorsuch
area man somehow endures harrowing entertainment-free commute
narrow line of dirt not being swept into dustpan without a fight
today is green monday: the day to finish up your online shopping
arkansas plans to execute 2 convicted killers on monday
area man expected to work with these incompetents
38 of the best macaroni and cheese recipes on planet earth
good food and healthy families make a beautiful home
dog's eye gunk wiped back on dog
prince charles warns that the lessons of wwii risk being forgotten
busybody fireman ruins suicide attempt
black, male, mad as hell
face of jesus seen on miracle hippie
man at park who set up table full of water cups has no idea how passing marathon runners got impression they can take them
baltimore police begin slow process of reform in year after freddie gray's death
dreamers can't sue for in-state tuition in georgia, state supreme court rules
manufacturers struggle to turn data into insight
tina fey and amy poehler's squad puts taylor swift's to shame on 'snl'
most items at garage sale haunted
saddam hussein freed on technicality
hillary clinton nabs victory in new mexico primary
man calls 911 when he runs out of rolling papers, police say
playing an aspiring rapper in 'patti cake$,' danielle macdonald is summer's breakout star
air force one pilot invites excited obama into cockpit
the funniest tweets from women this week
police make arrest in socal lemonade stand heist
cracking sound alerts man he reaching styrofoam plate's weight limit
the iphone graveyard
trump returns from foreign trip to high-stakes drama in washington
study: average father thinks about sealing in meat's juices 4 to 5 hours a day
hardened white blood cell no longer hesitates to kill viruses
patient zero kicking back in 38c with episode of 'new girl'
big wave surfer breaks his back in harrowing wipeout on video
jfk jr. announces plans to run for best-dressed man in '98
white roof, low energy
colleges suspend students for sexual assault, but don't actually ban them from campus
new york to host 1998 ill-will games
artist's 'trumpbeast' is a chilling portrait of the current administration
clinton announces transition leadership should she win in november
poll finds 78% of americans would vote for liberty bell
area man unsure if he's supposed to want hugo chavez to die or not
sharon's neurotransmitters reach cease-fire agreement
stuffed-up congress allocates $250 million to destroy pollen
local sea cow tired of all the lies
exhausted nation unsure it has stamina to continue gun control dialogue for fifth consecutive day
"remembering george haley: the greatest american you've never heard of"
donald trump is taking credit for a meaningless stock market record
mom breaks into son's apartment at night to administer 2013 flu vaccine
matching organizational capabilities to design execution
actor tom sizemore denies groping 11-year-old in 2003
inspired man bolts out of bed at 3 a.m. to jot down great new worry
uc davis chancellor linda katehi placed on leave over claims of ethics violations
employee wellness programs aren't so voluntary anymore
nation on edge as court votes whether to legalize gay marriage now or in a few years
suspect spills beans about planned burglary in mistaken 911 call
new fathers suffer from postpartum depression, too
watch evacuating soccer fans sing the french national anthem after paris attacks
overtired 398-month-old throws tantrum
elite universities are compromising student mental healthcare amid heightened stress culture
queer christians respond to jeff sessions' new 'license to discriminate'
why are trans people left out of lgbt history so often?
lucky the pig finds a happy home after falling onto highway
google's expansion in boulder has its critics
tom hanks in carly rae jepsen's 'i really like you' video is oddly entertaining without music
wolf pack fails to raise orphaned infant
donald trump says he'll cancel boeing's air force one contract
obama administration facing more opposition to atlantic drilling plans
new mlb rules aim to speed baseball games in 2018
20 struggles every tall girl knows to be true
etiquette tips for celebrating graduations
my modest proposal
tips for your child's first summer sleep-away camp
9 page-turners too addictive to put down
empire state building ultimately supports nsa spying measures
7 times we needed to hear taraji p. henson keep it real
the double and the christmas holidays
man surprises girlfriend by drawing them in different animation styles
has lgbtq pride lost its way?
chelsea handler has a last-minute reminder why you shouldn't vote for trump
portugal finally gets it together
kidnapped journalist forced to explain to isis captors what buzzfeed news is
widower just doesn't have energy to waltz with dead wife's dress tonight
afghan warlord not sure which side he feels like helping today
the world bank accidentally left me a voicemail discussing their strategy to downplay rights abuses
msf is refusing all eu funding in protest at turkey migrant deal
mount holyoke commencement speaker thanks activists for their 'disruption'
nobody was more delighted by the mtv movie & tv awards opening than hugh jackman
couple stressing about wedding plans as if it won't just take a string of edison bulbs to knock guests' fucking socks off
broncos, jaguars helmets sustain severe damage in monday night football helmet collision
an open letter on behalf of undocumented immigrants
desperate hillary to obama: 'next vote wins'
world doesn't even know who to admire anymore after tom hanks murders 5
authorities say country still an active shooter situation
how art therapy helps you de-stress (even if you don't think you need it)
hey nc! check out the awesome move nyc just made for trans people
the 7 things tech companies need to realize about older workers
mountain west and plains best places to retire in u.s.
chuck yeager dies in fiery kitchen mishap
bush has one of those days where he feels like 68 percent of people hate him
nation's younger cousins announce plans to cry at haunted houses this year
sushi-themed kitkats are coming to japan for valentine's day
401k enrollment form sits at bottom of desk drawer for 22 years
kevin bacon talking about his band approved as prescription sedative
afl-cio bucks progressive allies, backs dakota access pipeline
republicans condemn akin's comments as blemish on party's otherwise spotless women's rights record
scientists warn ionosphere one top-40 hit away from exploding
detroit tourism board's 'hidden detroit' campaign results in 24 deaths
benghazi committee instructs hillary clinton to limit answers to 'i failed the american people'
lena waithe stuns at met gala as a queer superhero
nra recommends preventing firearm deaths by securing children in locked safe
obama: families of gun violence victims don't care about politics, just change
dem group boosts rep's gop challenger in hopes of splitting primary vote
john goodman's mouth obviously full during dunkin' donuts voice-over
smart earplugs aim to improve your sleep quality by taking noise-blocking to the next level
ellen isn't interested in having donald trump on her show
national security experts: 'isis are fucking assholes'
body found may be of missing 3-year-old left outside by dad: police
teen scores awesome oral cancer poster
frank zappa fan thinks you just haven't heard the right album
'breaking bad' ends with reveal that whole series was plot of book marie shoplifted
college kicker's video proves his twitter haters wrong — and it's good!
michelle obama made a valentine's day playlist for barack, and it's perfect
study finds majority of urban households located in roller rink deserts
2,300 leading scientists send trump a clear warning: we're watching you
11 things you should never say to a single parent
men break down watching footage of female genital mutilation, vow to speak out against practice
only benedict cumberbatch can crack the case in jimmy fallon's mad lib theater
finally, a virtual reality headset that's cheap and actually works
gop establishment relieved after conventionally abhorrent beliefs make way onto presidential ticket
congress debates coolness of rush
inspirational english teacher canceled out by every other teacher at school
here's how to get republicans to change their minds on the minimum wage
please stop saying these ridiculous phrases at work
house democrats demanded action on guns, but americans kept killing each other
bill paxton learns of his revolutionary past on 'who do you think you are?'
fearless veteran celebrates 90th birthday on top of a plane
cop placed on leave after police crash pool party, pull gun on teens
2 virginia tech students charged in missing 13-year-old girl's murder
'stargate sg-1' fans disappointed to see richard dean anderson walk onto stage like a normal person
texas man kills co-worker, then takes own life
how i became that middle-aged woman who uses baby talk with her dogs
different from the norm: 12 unique hotel stays in nyc
'fresh off the boat' kid stars talk lunar new year, immigrant roots
issa rae's unapologetic support of black stars at the emmys is a mood
predisposed and unaware: how race called the shots on my health
paragon of chivalrous virtue lets date have last mozzarella stick
every intern at nonprofit trying to solve refugee crisis first
first grandma, treasury secretary geithner up all night talking, laughing
9-month old shot by father cleaning illegal gun
charlie rose presses self about sexual harassment allegations in tense charlie rose interview
sci-fi film presents vision of future in which women never speak to each other
in attempt to jump-start economy, obama declares tuesdays ladies' night
hacker releases new 'orange is the new black' episodes after demanding ransom
margaret atwood speaks out against anti-abortion legislation in the u.s.
states plan renewed debate on lgbt rights, religious freedom
6 reasons why i don't force my children to share
what this ceo did proves that introverts make great leaders
faith groups rally against racism on anniversary of martin luther king jr.'s death
cook these 7 recipes on sunday, and feed yourself all week
lena dunham matches the red carpet
rex tillerson travels to turkey to be honored by the oil industry
6 times leo and kate made the golden globes completely captivating
can you hear us now: an ongoing movement to raise the voices of muslim women
wwii veteran reunites with his long-lost love after 70 years…on skype!
congress passes bill to add armed patrol to u.s. poverty line
lin-manuel miranda takes bow as hamilton one last time
'suicide squad' heads for record-breaking $145 million plus opening weekend
these insane ping pong trick shots will get you in the groove
carly fiorina shares heartbreaking story about father of 3 who couldn't meet sales goals
area woman has already figured out who killed the vicar
why the 99 percent keeps losing
jeb poverty plan would end food stamps, let states sort things out
economists advise nation's poor to invent the next facebook
hong kong chooses new beijing-backed leader amid political tensions
los angeles lakers -- oh how the mighty have fallen
barry white de-euphemized
new department of agriculture study finds 85% of u.s. farmers woefully kicking at dirt
according to bar love-tester, inebriated patron okay to drive
harry styles will make his solo debut on 'saturday night live'
woman stalked across 8 websites by obsessed shoe advertisement
sony hack reveals maureen dowd showed sony exec's husband column before publication
empty 'about us' page leaves chinese buffet's origins shrouded in mystery
everything about this republican obamacare repeal vote is nuts
what being 'pro-israel' should mean
dear rolling stone, not all canadians are in love with justin trudeau
romney appeals to hispanic voters for return of watch he left on dresser
are we prepared for president obama's free community colleges?
laurie hernandez earns the season's first perfect score on 'dancing with the stars'
bid on your airline seat the next time you fly
"the innocents": a film review
poll: 89% of illegal immigrants would prefer path to corporate status
loretta lynch: spike in anti-muslim hate crimes is a 'stain on our nation's very soul'
israeli prime minister netanyahu eyed in bribery probe, court says
bestselling author marie force provides her path to success
pfizer researchers discover new stimulating, medicating, captivating cure for what ails you
is it just me or have kids become extra suave recently?
ant born
police in cleveland are handling the rnc protests well. the bikes really help.
expectant mother chrissy teigen is totally embracing her body
huffpost hosting big father's day event in nyc
7 seriously rad mother's day gifts
powerball ticket sold with all winning numbers in $421 million jackpot
donald trump retweets joke about violence toward hillary clinton
business traveler closes mini-bar
5 ways to be a sustainable traveler
blood-sucking lamprey forced to make awkward small talk with fish it's hooked onto
huffpost hill - please clap: 2016 nearly over
doctors: cancer patients who watched the onion's amazon pilot daily showed signs of remission
south syria ceasefire and the next israel-hizballah-iran war
what might have been; treaties and nation-building
rand paul warns donald trump not to choose 'menace' john bolton as secretary of state
rapist gets new start at technical college
1.21 gigawatts of 'back to the future' trivia
senator manchin's latest attempt at curbing opioid addiction is a very bad idea
statues and place names continue to honor champions of slavery
queer dance party to protest 'religious liberty' executive order at white house
hillary clinton says she's not ready to take a position on marijuana legalization yet
u2 takes aim at donald trump and white supremacists in biting new music video
fact or fiction? identifying reliable integrative medicine resources
how the alt-right is using sex and camp to attract gay men to fascism
rand paul escorted off stage after falling below 2.5% in middle of debate
historical archives: secret society of free-bakers has fail'd to gain influence
even business card trying too hard
paralyzed dog couldn't be happier to get a second chance at walking
activists criticize prosecutor in charge of tamir rice reports
meryl streep weighs in on the 'are hot dogs sandwiches?' debate
here's a complete rundown of what happened at the second presidential debate
the valentine's day cards of your wildest lesbian dreams (nsfw)
report: military contractor overcharged pentagon for torturing iraqi citizens
second-guessing obama's foreign policy
interview: director david dobkin on the judge
oregon militants' sympathizers emboldened by acquittal in wildlife refuge takeover
violence erupts at trump rally after supporters clash with protesting gop leaders
north carolina sheriff's deputies disciplined over trump rally
ridiculous reason women are excluded from exercise studies
avocados are about to get even more expensive
new york philharmonic hosts open-mic night
big mac creator jim delligatti dies at 98
gifts from aunt already under tree
alderman has that zoning dream again
sullen jeff sessions scrolls through minority incarceration statistics to cheer self up
martha stewart's new wine service makes your drinking martha-approved
congress just gave up its chance to slightly roll back the drug war
soccer mom to suck off world's greatest dad
the presidential cookie poll let us down this year
house passes dead-on-arrival bill to address border crisis
donald trump thinks he's doing well with women voters
drought bad
trail of lawn-mower assassin still fresh
top democrat pushes back on expanding obama's trade powers
15 years of ftc failure to factor privacy into merger reviews
a giant list of epic destinations for anyone who lives to travel
charles barkley attempted to ride scooter like georgia state's coach
man briefly forgets hotel staff are not humans
charleston post and courier honors shooting victims with moving cover
jimmy fallon shares his thanks for george r.r. martin's new hbo series
40-foot american flag pin welded to statue of liberty
nancy pelosi rushes into living room to hear grandson's first talking point
korean 'fifty shades' parody has crazy twist you won't see coming
russian hackers are working to amplify donald trump's wiretapping claim, expert warns
american people shrug, line up for fingerprinting
impressive new hire figures out bare minimum of work job requires on first day
native american activists create spoof website to call for redskins name change
trump refugee order dashes hopes of iraqis who helped the u.s.
fd&c blue #5 to restore beauty of world's oceans
stolen moment of the week: brett davis and sally burtnick
johnson & johnson introduces self-lotioning baby
monument designer to see if some other country wants to buy rejected war memorial
drake bell mourns the loss of ex-girlfriend stevie ryan with heart-wrenching tweets
the u.s. under-invests in energy innovation, asserts former energy secretary ernest moniz
report: annie sabatino's boyfriend like 23 or something
newly released female iraqi prisoners offered playboy spread
listen to the roots' 'tomorrow' today
facebook addresses accusations of silencing conservative voices by deleting barack obama's profile
iron man, black widow, captain america, thor and hawkeye got matching tattoos
china vows to begin aggressively falsifying air pollution numbers
queer teens face a shocking amount of violence and discrimination
new evidence this simple reform would get a lot more people registered to vote
the endangered species act has been protecting imperiled animals and plants for 42 years
water pistol fired using sideways gangsta grip
heroic pants enter 19th day of continuous duty
grasshopper dismembered by future supreme court justice
olympic torch used to ignite tibetan protesters
after 40-day search, authorities finally replace missing boy
woman with six dogs resents non-dogs
david blaine's attempt to catch a bullet in his mouth went painfully wrong
everything sees
local teen quits club that would've been tiebreaker in admission to dream school
tim kaine forced to drink ipecac after eating sheet of 'i'm with her' stickers
why my anger turned to sadness when i took a closer look at my parents' lives
advertiser thought this sponsored post was good idea
being obese is strongly linked to a greater risk for these 11 cancers
fan prefers tarantino's early work when he was shelving movies all day at video store
mommy needs a nap
here's a pro tip for katie couric before she does another documentary
swarthmore college president surprises community
unlocking big data's value potential through design with small data
work friends calling bill 'william'
woman accused of setting fire to yoga studio explains smiling mug shot
michelle obama joked about a simpler time when kids didn't have cellphones
area man sorry he's late, got here as fast as he could
nancy grace reports own mind now missing for 83 days
fab fiction of the summer: the mexican flyboy
townsfolk strongly prefer man's werewolf incarnation
a meditation a day keeps the money fears away
10 secrets of irresistible people
why your friend doesn't experience stress the same way you do
overheard in minnesota, dontcha know?
extra-slanty italics introduced for extremely important words
guy who died playing 'league of legends' in internet café really starting to ruin game for other patrons
man not sure what to do about vet's request for dog-urine sample
obama throws up right there during syria meeting
mysteryland 2014 set times announced
couple starts online petition to resolve baby name dispute
danny pintauro clarifies tony danza's 'disappointed' comment: 'he's worried about me more than anything'
desperate dolphin mom seen helping her trapped baby breathe
of course sean spicer's goodbye email contained a typo
freezing, coatless woman has decided it is spring
aquaman is a big fan of trump pulling out of the paris agreement
samantha bee reacts to orlando massacre with powerful gun control message
state officials fire employee who sent false missile alert in hawaii
u.s. defense secretary: 'i am in love'
apparently andrew wk is a healer
white house carefully screening any gun control town hall questions that address obama as 'mein führer'
j.d. vance: republican presidential nominee in 2032?
marvel's top directors want lgbt superheroes to save the day
hillary clinton and the not too bitter, not too smooth, just right primary
afeni shakur showed the power of black motherhood
making a living ... and a loving
this is what's delaying 'big bang theory' season 8
as i grieve, 'maybe' has become a positive tool to help me find balance
'drag race' star willam opens up about break up of 'boy is a bottom' group
what to do about slums
41 photos of presidential pets over time
white-hot gop race down to two mentally ill people, person who lost nomination last time
friends from home embarrassing
texas puts an 'undue burden' on women's choice, abortion clinics tell supreme court
area woman always has something quirky to do
friendly note to coworker undergoes eight revisions
trojan unveils new 3-piece formal condoms
my biggest leadership win: the day my life stopped working
fox news stars at the gop convention really don't want to talk about roger ailes
meteorologists say upcoming hurricane season to be permanent
harambe's grandmother euthanized at miami zoo
frito-lay targets blacks with new menthol doritos
researchers discover details smaller than minutiae
dive-bombing osprey better emerge from lake with something awesome to show for it
parents floored by stranger's kind act following their toddler's tantrum
man in mickey mouse suit obviously attempted to eat ribs
whitewater rafting trip in which friend drowned still pretty fun
the job market is still years away from a full recovery
no, bernie sanders has not pushed hillary clinton to the left
boehner delays leadership elections with gop in turmoil
crowd can't believe balls on frontman who waited till third song to ask them how they're doing
see photos from the 2015 white house correspondents' dinner
kimmel, atop scorched earth, takes aim at trump over health care bill
this star wars shrine can now be rented for just $50 a night
nation's uncles enter last stage of prep for thursday's thanksgiving debates
the rudest thing you can do on a first date
several people injured in car incident near london museum
bill cosby lawyers blast media over assault, drugging reports
government-publications enthusiast makes pilgrimage to pueblo, co
new series examines what it means to be gay and hiv positive in 2016
brad pitt's despondent weatherman is 'so, so, so, so scared' right now
high-school teacher constantly using janitor as example
florida sheriff rebukes nra spokeswoman who claims she's 'fighting' for shooting survivors
2 officers fired, 2 suspended for violently dragging doctor off united flight
hoda kotb replaces matt lauer as 'today' co-anchor
islamic state fighter from u.s. reportedly in custody in iraq
shit-caked, urine-soaked man determined to enjoy carnival cruise
congressman picked last for committee on youth fitness
#metoo and "legitimate rape"
blogger takes few moments every morning to decide whether to feel outraged, incensed, or shocked by day's news
protest sparks after black man shot by police in minneapolis
weinstein company files for bankruptcy after sale talks collapse
now that we've seen 'gone girl,' does it live up to expectations?
c-suite men stepping down for 'work-life balance' is no step forward
caller enters remote backwaters of 1-800 automated messaging system
atlantic city casino can regulate waitresses' weight, ruling says
once again: can a mission-driven nonprofit be blindsided?
mitt romney graciously accepts thing he has paid millions of dollars for
at dnc, democrats spoke out on a topic that republicans mostly avoided
what it's like to date when you're a poet
entire treasury department competing for same goldman sachs job opening
a tribute to david goldberg: entrepreneur, connector, mensch
netanyahu begins calling for israeli return to ancient homeland of iran
topeka mayor now highest-ranking non-indicted republican official
trump-appointed judicial nominee displays legal expertise by withdrawing nomination
casinos getting people to play longer by telling them rest of civilization destroyed
realistic day planner only includes first couple weeks after purchase
high school nurse getting pretty good at spotting morning sickness
king of comedy's death ignites 100-year war  for throne
woman puts cool whip containers to every conceivable use
windows opened on both coasts in effort to create transcontinental cross-breeze
u.s. scientists win nobel medicine prize for body clock research
troy aikman: i 'knock on wood' hoping i stay healthy after concussions
jimmy kimmel finally answers the question: is trump 'crazy or just dumb?'
albanian village bombed forward into stone age
npr acknowledges plagiarism in 10 music stories
democratic congressman protests trump's environmental policies by bringing endangered red wolf to state of the union as guest
an open letter to caitlyn jenner
authorized personnel enjoying untold pleasures beyond designated point
sheryl sandberg doesn't think fake news on facebook influenced the election
lindsey graham got 800 on his sats and won't stop talking about his bad grades
republicans blame election losses on democrats
4 surprising reasons why preschool and kindergarten must change
network programming dominated by surreality tv
autoplaying video executes cunning ambush 45 seconds after opening page
alarming report finds hundreds of items still not available in s'mores flavor
poll finds 68% of iowans turned on by knowledge whole nation watching
bashful terrorists won't take credit for attack
cleveland ukrainian museum pulling out all stops to prepare for onrush of rnc visitors
colin powell has no plans to endorse or speak at either convention
phone lifted up by headphone cord like prize fish
how to overcome social comparison
vp meyer shocked to hear about chinese international space prison
man brings lunch from home to cut down on small joys
no, not trump, not ever
how i got involved in campus safety as a student activist
man actually shouting at other man to get jennifer aniston romantic comedy made
madonna teases new song at surprise met gala performance
reddit and violent speech: can hate be banned?
6 signs you're in a band-aid relationship (and what to do about it)
super fan attends screening of 'infinity war' dressed as marvel's vp of marketing
6 queer couples share their definition of black love
someone just gave donald trump a full-moon salute
new employee finally around long enough to be deemed incompetent
from peach cobbler to banana pudding: 10 delicious labor day desserts
hurricane harvey and the failure of the free market
man doesn't realize date went terribly
donald trump: 'i fight like hell' to pay less in taxes
dear america: a letter from a reluctant activist
the bravery of transgender service members rejuvenates the sense of service this veteran's day
does the internet really make bullying worse?
god pissed solar eclipse not visible from heaven
how to be a parent your child wants to talk to
mueller combs through dozens of damning white house emails he was accidentally cc'd on
obama encourages staff to 'stay on offense' in final year
al-qaeda sitcom filmed before live studio hostages
no one on pirate ship has any idea what 'splicing the mainbrace' means
dutch heath authorities to kill 8,000 ducks to prevent bird flu
psychic helps police waste valuable time
area man somehow roped into arguing passionately for green day
reedsburg chamber of commerce:'come grow with us'
vatican employees unable to relax at holiday party with pope around
john boyega rocks our world with these fine michael jackson moves
twitter announces there no trending topics today
kool-aid, hi-c make backroom deal to destroy tang
negative parent-teacher conference not exactly eye-opening for area mother
teen choice awards honor cory monteith with posthumous surfboard
check it out: deer
cancerous tumor befriends small boy
havana's forgotten baseball team played a key role in u.s.-cuba relations
but she can talk?
barry jenkins quietly makes history with oscar nomination trifecta
nationwide art project is making space for historic women in all 50 states
liberal male hypocrisy, modern day rasputins and the culture of deceit
transgender community caught slightly off guard by baskin-robbins' enthusiastic support
cvs is reportedly in talks to acquire aetna
terrible artist thinks latest piece really represents a culmination of everything he's been working toward all his life
trump praises chuck schumer in reposted tweet that first called him 'cunning'
supreme court rules in favor of most buck-wild pride parade nation's ever seen
poll finds majority of  americans would like things to go right for once
a radical post-bernie cooperative multicultural immigrant manifesto
montana has the highest death rate for white americans -- and it's rising
man floating in bubble rescued
why america needs its national parks more than ever
friday's morning email: hackers reportedly target u.s. nuclear plants
books with badass female protagonists: what's your go to book?
central african republic and its neglected tropical diseases
'family' groups blast boy scouts' decision to allow trans kids
area mom off thinking about princess diana again
orphanage director pushing asian orphans
running in tap shoes: choreographer janine molinari on teaching broadway kids and other adventures in dance
role of tree ineptly played by second-grader
zika virus joins lack of paid leave, unaffordable child care as reasons woman afraid of getting pregnant
netanyahu plays nice on iran, arabs in washington speech
breaking: we're doing a bad job
vehicles fall through wisconsin lake's ice as parking lot collapses
cnn accused of ignoring certain issues on anderson cooper 340°
canadian-iranian professor hospitalized after months in iranian jail
dale earnhardt jr. is a pro at giving breakup advice too
mayor apologizes for citing wwii japanese internment camps in rejecting refugees
boyfriend can really envision losing his sense of self long-term with this one
vp pick energizes republican basest
the world will end this summer -- according to hollywood
the food movement dilemma: affordable to all
north carolina's governor finally admits he lost the election after alleging voter fraud for a month
chris pratt is incredibly groot at prank calls
transition team assures public trump has too many conflicts of interest to favor any specific one
'birdman' may have just locked up best picture
'saving private ryan' actor tom sizemore arrested for domestic violence
jessica chastain got octavia spencer equal pay and more on their new film
coworkers unable to put finger on what's weird about gary
jonathan franzen rushes over to guy on subway reading 'the corrections' to introduce himself
breakup doesn't seem to have changed relationship
khloe kardashian channels priscilla presley in insta pic
jam session interview: caroline dowd-higgins
white couple admires fall colors
activist hopes public suicide leads to more awareness
cubans demand a direct and secret ballot to elect their president
more americans putting off marriage until ultimatum
the uninsured rate for hispanic kids has hit a historic low
ugly custody battle over ian mckellen narrowly avoided
nation's cable companies announce they're just going to take $100 from everyone
bride gives dying father the best gift a daughter could give
'harry potter' tops facebook's '10 books that stayed with you' meme and no one is surprised
republicans have a way out of their health care mess: working with democrats
prince harry: 'i killed taliban-looking people'
moron stepfather takes care of child who doesn't have his genetic material
parents are turning to marijuana more than teens, study suggests
two-thirds of high- school marching band just pretending to play
area mother doesn't see why thai people need to make food so spicy
everyone at airport delighted by chubby family rapidly waddling toward gate
trump won't endorse paul ryan or john mccain
charles koch orders sniper to fire warning shot next to marco rubio on debate stage
uw-whitewater chancellor reprimands students after mistaking skincare product for blackface
bernie sanders draws more than 20,000 people at boston rally
paris terror harms france, islam, and the world
parents also proud of unsuccessful child
harris wittels wasn't scared to laugh
austin rogers explains the real secrets to his 'jeopardy!' success
the celebrity that left tom hanks and rita wilson speechless
woman builds ironclad case proving mila kunis looks bad without makeup
study finds mass extinction could free up billions of dollars in conservation funding by 2024
neither boss nor employee paid enough to deal with each other
sinatra, hope, reagan deadlocked in race to grave
james corden takes his feud with usain bolt to hilarious new heights
selfie-hating photobomber gets treated to epic photoshop battle
oakland teacher mistakenly teaches 'economics'
horrified by johnson & johnson's tactics, a sales rep wears a wire
the trauma that followed my surprise pregnancy
scarface onesie social worker's first tip-off
prank changes highway sign to reference 'christmas vacation'
guy in suit handling newspaper like a pro
report: income inequality most apparent during fifth-grade classmate's birthday party
foreign aid to create jobs
a global meditation for world peace, december 12, 2014
georgia man shot by police who may have responded to wrong address
mgm releases gala sixth-anniversary edition of son-in-law
tony hale reveals the new york inspiration for buster bluth's personality
does my liver look fat in this?
'late night' reimagines 'a christmas carol' suitable for the donald trump era
nate silver ages 40 years after accidentally using polling projection model on self
madeline albright sworn in as secretary
paleontologists determine dinosaurs were killed by someone they trusted
mike pence got through vp debate without having to explain anti-lgbt record
classical live: a gift to new music fans
widespread power outage strikes detroit
new ebola quarantine protocol seen as barrier to volunteers
coroner's report concludes alton sterling died of institutionalized causes
canadian officials start to get handle on massive wildfire
nobody knows what will happen if donald trump doesn't win a delegate majority
an american in paris on broadway
melania trump's online safety pamphlet seems lifted from the obama administration
drunk driver in the zone
rigorous battery of tests unable to determine if roommate broke up with girlfriend
3 top officials leave epa amid scott pruitt scandals
katy perry's 'birthday' music video ruins all birthday parties
ex-cop to stand trial in dashcam beating of unarmed motorist
torture report: america conducts a moral reckoning.  next, moral repair?
this one neat trick will eliminate clickbait forever
sensitive scientists report 5 in 5 women don't know how beautiful they are
how the host of 'river monsters' hopes his show will inspire environmentalism
home inspector warns that house lacks banister you can slide all the way down
these food-inspired bow ties will make you the 'taco' the town
area man urinating like it's the best thing ever to happen to him
feedback taking too long to be positive
every new yorker found murdered
what it means when your home makes scary noises
lack of media interest makes genocide cover-up unnecessary
turkish police raid isis safe houses, detain 22 islamic state suspects as death toll climbs
new 'robocop' trailer reveals main character to be some sort of robotic policeman
70 percent of americans in favor of watching iraq get bombed on tv
what your relationship has in common with the royals
family comforted by thought that man's death will prevent others from climbing war memorial to pretend to fuck horse
ethics attorney says rep. john conyers verbally abused her as his staffer
few latino kids attend catholic schools - here's why
francis ford coppola says 'the godfather' wouldn't get made today
tiny changes {today's buddha doodle}
john kerry: 'there's a massive amount of overclassification'
employees given list of doctors shitty enough to accept company's health insurance plan
people think ivanka trump's new twitter bio is an insult to women
a letter from 21-year-old me to 18-year-old-me
heartbroken locals hold candlelight vigil for taco bell that burned down
you must know yourself before you can truly address your problems
how the csa model supports a farm
facebook built censorship tool to appease china expansion
the case for holistic education in the wake of charlottesville violence
uk resumes sharing information with u.s. about attack after trump calls for probe
canadian ice dancers make history, winning gold in pyeongchang
historical archives: last month's weather
delirious koala hasn't slept for 72 straight minutes
how to start kickin' a** after 50
lois gibbs: 'the government wouldn't help me, so i decided to do it myself'
man who downloaded $2.99 meditation app prepares to enter lotus plane of eternal serenity
yoga for the heart
what to expect from 'the simpsons'/'family guy' crossover
jews to celebrate rosh hashasha or something
the moment casey gerald realized the importance of doubt
here's what just one bad night's sleep can do to you
grey's anatomy, what are you trying to tell us about working mothers?
monday's morning email: what's next for trump after his "worst week"
ashley benson is giving us 'baywatch' vibes in a red swimsuit
millions across country celebrate 'make a kid at work' day
parents finally cave and buy 33-year-old son playstation 1
trump to nominate nfl team owner as ambassador to britain
desperate catholic church now offering sainthood to anyone who regularly attends weekly mass
these cities want the country to focus more on access to preschool
world war ii hero cursed out for driving speed limit
less popular friend proposes combining birthdays into single party
criminals prefer iphones because they're so secure, police say
ceo has female sex organs
james harden pretty sure he felt something pop in lower beard
jeffrey toobin: rudy giuliani just confessed that stormy daniels payment broke the law
georgia's lieutenant governor tells delta to give nra back its discounts, or else
movies that make you want to travel every time you watch them
republicans left wondering if donald trump will kill the party or just maim it
mason-dixon line renamed ihop-waffle house line
colbert has a few blistering extra questions mueller can ask trump
russia today anchor admits spreading 'lies' for putin
independence day
another thing colin powell said in those leaked emails? dick cheney is an idiot.
we're still processing that ending to the walking dead "strangers"
apple watch tells us that it is time to get serious about jobs
ohio delays execution after failing to find sick inmate's vein
russell westbrook withdraws from olympics in brazil
u.s. consuls already have the tools to discriminate in visa decisions
fatal spaz attack claims life of area spaz
menu describes diner's pancakes as 'world famous'
mar-a-lago member complains about loud, obnoxious cabinet meeting at next table
florida man gets arrested with 'go directly to jail' shirt
are you in it to win it or in it not to lose?
jesus was a socialist
schwarzenegger running out of movie-related campaign slogans
rex tillerson blindsided by news he still works for state department
jimmy carter pushes colleges to get tougher on campus rapists
salvation army clothing drop-off choked with stirrup pants
paul simon wondering how one goes about getting a column on 'the huffington post'
leave your pants behind when you get married
nation shocked cop facing punishment for murder
the summer's dumbest video game is also kind of my favorite
daddy hitting mommy again
liquor commercial featuring dance party on pirate ship also includes important message about responsibility
area man perfectly content with role as another cog in the wheel
the internet of everything: boring, but so important
new app sends dating profile straight to friends, coworkers to laugh at without ever connecting users to each other
snl's jeff richards' delivers 2014's strangest electro-dance comedy greatest hits album
boy, dolphin no longer on speaking terms
media figures tout trump's 'presidential' shift, but his divisive policies remain the same
netanyahu announces day of mourning for fence damaged in yesterday's conflict
light playing beautifully off eric trump's gums at inaugural ball
airport security pig finds concealed truffles
19 times flower girls brought some major style to the bridal party
elite congressman trained to kill legislation in 24 different ways
loser older brother looked up to
this woman made it her mission to make a dangerous job safer by inventing a unique solution
this simple strategy helped maine achieve the nation's highest vaccination rate for toddlers
these athletic turkey trotters prove thanksgiving isn't just about the food
area man's back aching after bad night's sleep, 58 continuous years of horrible posture
entire office clamoring to be introduced to coworker's parents
criss angel's nephew forced to sit through another lame mindfreak
celebrities react to bastille day attack with powerful pleas to stop the killing
getting transit back on track in la county
florida woman crashes wedding, and it doesn't end well
previous pulitzer winners: 'feels so hollow knowing there are far more deserving institutions'
gun lobby politicians like bob goodlatte enable social media killers
captain's hat really completes street lunatic's ensemble
burned-out coffee-shop employee just lets paul simon play for fifth time
60 women share their advice for surviving divorce after 60
this halloween costume would make karl lagerfeld proud
republicans craft health care plan to screw trump voters
man burning in hell wishes he hadn't snickered at religious leaflet
white house denied third mortgage
caring for every preemie, every day
husband points out that he vacuumed
local oafs to spawn
trump tells advisers he wants u.s. out of syria: senior officials
doctor has troubling amount of available appointment slots
georgia republican: ending confederate holidays 'no better than what isis is doing'
the new 'batman v superman: dawn of justice' trailer totally delivers
huffpost rise: what you need to know on april 21
black history month celebration honors how sharp african americans looked in old-timey clothes
jimmy buffett pays for own drink for first time in 17 years
monica says lady gaga is right about the 'male-dominated' music industry
this new emoticon perfectly explains all your feelings
anarchists rise up, move to different cafeteria table
trump boys announce they will not hesitate to egg russia if provoked
competition for low-wage jobs hurts kids looking for summer work
the democrats' race back to the future
family requests privacy during this unbelievably awesome time
inside: the fetish photography of german chancellor helmut kohl
report: advertisers threatening to pull money now the only remaining way to effect any change
lapd officer who killed ezell ford had arrested him 6 years before
u.s. won't rule out escalating defense-sector profits from syria conflict
bound, gagged joaquin castro horrified by what his identical twin brother might be doing out on dnc floor
the view from the mountaintop: martin luther king's turbulent, tragic last year
this is what a perfect shot on goal looks like
'teddy bear' population makes an awesome recovery
even george w. bush's environment chief thinks trump's energy plan is bonkers
how states can help 5 million kids with a parent behind bars
transplanted new yorker disappointed with local bagel scene
obama gathers world leaders to pledge billions in refugee aid
terrified 'newsroom' writers nodding heads at every bad idea aaron sorkin says
charlize theron welcomes second child
churchgoer blanks on why she is lighting votive candle
obama's embarrassing ska album resurfaces
scarf tragically lost in 15-coat pile-up
new plastic surgery technique makes 40-year-old women look like really-weird-looking 38-year-olds
mule-ing it over: high heels and the law
everyone ganged up on marco rubio at saturday's gop debate
one more (feminist) wonder about 'wonder woman': it passes the abuse litmus test
one app you need if you want the new, cheap iphone
woman sensitive about that thing on her face
owners of google hope to parlay world's most popular website into book deal
couple sneaks away from party for a little arguing
the phony criticism over iran sanctions 'snapback'
area teen receives $2 from grandma
report: 97% of inner tube occupants agree it doesn't get any better than this
14 photos show the utter bravery of serving while trans
nc voters beware: "libertarian" sean haugh a phony
one of the last original tuskegee airmen instructors dies at 96
michelle duggar opens up about teenage struggle with bulimia
area man has own version of neighborhood-watch program
genetic experiment goes horribly right
entertainment weekly wins excellence-in-caption-pun award
department of housing and urban development issues report just to keep name out there
top aide denies that donald trump posed as his own spokesman
the coffee pouring puzzle that's messing with people's minds
magical homeless man turns spare change into vomit
gasoline still inexplicably cheaper than milk
trump's not-so-new afghanistan strategy
world wildlife fund announces new breeding program to create way more squirrels than necessary
gay war hero awarded posthumous dishonorable discharge at white house ceremony
tammys of the world demand to be taken seriously
deputy head of norway's labor party resigns amid sexual harassment allegations
what i learned about business from making art
the american stories that cannot be untold
romney enchants nation with lovely concession song
redundancy built into tv show to protect against failure
report: majority of money donated at church doesn't make it to god
ashley madison and the clergy
skip bayless's tweet about gordon hayward's injury stirs outrage
nesting sea turtle escorted from private beach
critics accuse new movie of glorifying sex
grandfather seems proud of how many people polio killed
ukrainian lawmaker outlines details on alleged payments to trump campaign chief
area man gets terrible creative juices flowing
thousands of people who failed background checks in 2016 bought guns anyway
why women should stop calling themselves old
the narco-terror trap
man in international airport only speaks business
once upon a festival 2015 is upon us
clinton goes back in time, teams up with golden-age clinton
joe biden's decision not to run followed rampant media speculation that he would
the best moments from the second democratic debate
cambridge cop accidentally arrests henry louis gates again during white house meeting
customer service operator safely in remote location
catholic church rules perjury not a mortal sin
12 ways to make your divorce as expensive as possible
new developing nations leader has big plans to crack down on global tax dodging
vatican policymaking once again manipulated by powerful second commandment rights groups
mortician who inspired 'bernie' movie sent back to prison for widow's murder
love the real you: the case for self love
a 'very gassy baby's' letter to a new mom, circa 1980
rebel wilson says 'male star' sexually harassed her while his friends tried to film
man escapes eritrean civil war to clean martini puke from back of taxi
newborn has father's asshole
years of u.s. government lies could soon result in a kurdish massacre
management consultant to consult with management
internet enjoys sarah sanders' claim that trump is 'the best negotiator at the table'
keeping jobs in the united states; start leading by example
pope francis visits a troubled, overcrowded prison in philadelphia
tower of human skulls casts new light on aztecs
the best beef burger recipes to make this grilling season
elections 2014: read updates on battles around the nation
elderly man hailed as alert
u.s. to host foster country
trump administration: let states decide if health plans have enough doctors
republicans want to defund the commission that fights voting machine hacking
redditors reimagine a donald trump white house, and it's not pretty
life: sexually-transmitted and fatal
turkey sandwich given locally relevant name
zagat editor a 'nice guy' but 'kind of boring'
san juan mayor slams feds' response to puerto rico: 'get your ass moving'
if you don't think paul manafort can get trump elected, you don't know paul manafort
why attending a college in a big city is the fastest way to grow your career
report: former nfl kicker threatened students before fatal crash
afi docs fest wraps up
#metoo, and it's time for change
blue-collar democrats to party: it's still the economy, stupid
gop lawmaker, already punished for claiming parents' money as his own, does it again
gary cohn resigns in protest of trump's bigoted comments towards aluminum
paul manafort spends afternoon making house look presentable for next fbi raid
catholic church speaks out against decadent, sinfully rich dessert
monday's morning email: former u.s. attorney says trump fired him after missed call
dana cole's gps guide for focusing on your wellness
nation breathes sigh of continuing unease
holiday traditions: friendships
deconstructing stigma: helping yourself and others
t-boz adds more fuel to ongoing drama with former manager
knocked-out secret service agents wake to realize jimmy carter loose
republican establishment quietly relieved party no longer their responsibility
this app cuts off your access to work emails at night
sri srinivasan: supreme court justice in the making?
presidential candidates react to paris attacks
15 photos of hot dudes supporting bernie sanders to make you #feelthebern
officials reach deal on trans-pacific partnership
student killed herself after university mishandled her rape report: suit
british royal family sadly announces death of prince charming
apple unveils much-anticipated iphone 4se
ryan handed romney's latest political positions before walking on stage
stop sign taking forever to change
$9 billion is a lot of money: how much could you buy with illinois' budget deficit?
new film only stars one eddie  murphy
endangered rhino just wishes his horn didn't make people immortal
cnn cuts ties with kathy griffin
lawn failing to pull off big rock in corner look
news roundup for august 2, 2017
man accused of keeping woman in crate killed by cops
indian cops arrest alleged kingpin behind u.s. tax scam
reverse crowdfund-gineering: five ways to integrate events into your crowdfunding campaign
how successful people beat stress
cia admits it's good at overthrowing stuff, not so much the intelligence
'make daddy die' whispered into build-a-bear
local band expects things to take off following glowing write-up in soundandfury.wordpress.com
mom's bathing suit just one giant, body-eclipsing ruffle
dating in my 20's: 12 tips i wish i knew to prepare myself for love
rep. david cicilline: lgbt people are entitled to 'full equality'
sandra bland's mother says cop's perjury charge is 'not justice'
42 maximum-security inmates in utah prison begin hunger strike
alia shawkat is feeling herself
greenland thinks it looks fat in mercator projection
'bad moms' stars pull off amazing surprise for a single mom on 'ellen'
aspiring legislator keeps sending unsolicited bills to house of representatives
terrorism fan site full of spoilers
lee daniels options jesmyn ward's memoir 'men we reaped'
judge orders u.s. to release photos showing abuse of detainees
donald trump to meet with henry kissinger
strudel the obese dog's fitness journey is nothing short of inspiring
the end of the big oil and gas game has come
the cop in the 'what are those?' meme loves that 'black panther' joke
teen zebra doesn't give a shit how much you honk, he's not getting out of road
guy at bank has weird hair for guy who works at bank
watch: the pains of being pure at heart unveil new songs
dr. jill biden explains why community college is 'one of america's best-kept secrets'
neil gorsuch sworn in as america's 113th supreme court justice
bts just became the first k-pop band to go gold
how a post-planned parenthood world could look for women
pence calls trump a 'builder of boundless optimism,' compares him to teddy roosevelt
27-year-old regrets 'funky cold medina' tattoo
in major gaffe, obama forgets to dumb it down
hurry! early black friday deals have already started on amazon
first-time carjacker wasn't expecting a stick shift
dear chuck todd, please don't enable liars
live in the vineyard selects artists with a key ingredient: a big heart
talking to our kids: the conversation we should be having
report: today the day woman either quits job or goes home and watches 4 hours of netflix
colombian teen going through anti-government guerilla phase
nyc health department cracks down on food vendors who fail to wipe off meat with rag
past 'american idol' winners pay tribute to david bowie with touching performance
brutal cold does not factor into man's decision to stay inside for two days straight
woman meets george w. bush while reporting for jury duty
friday talking points -- a fool's paradise
it's time to fix the climate -- why do we delay?
iraq militants strike air base, seize oilfields
new energy secretary guesses he ought to read up on energy
prince harry, meghan markle's first official post-engagement event will be nod to diana
debate organizers set aside first 15 minutes for whatever major trump revelation comes out between now and then
new rap song samples 'billie jean' in its entirety, adds nothing
surrendering trump boys solemnly salute each other before leaping from white house first-story window
trump's afghan strategy is doomed for failure
we stand behind the uswnt as they boycott 'horrible' conditions
local man pushed well within limits of human endurance
shopping for happiness in the oscar race's gorgeous department stores
new bill would limit abortion to cases where procedure necessary to save promising political career
anti-abortion governor ironically tweets about the importance of 'choice'
8 things we wish our mothers had told us about aging
my michael brown and ezell ford moment
why asheville needs an equity and inclusion manager
the one tip you need to achieve financial and physical health
man who kept woman chained in container admits to killing 7: sheriff
sam smith opens up about the downside of fame and his true mission
biological life regrets waiting 2.3 billion years to try sex
10th-grade class watches ben-hur for two weeks
37 separate aneurysms on verge of rupturing inside reince priebus' brain
fast food customers less appealing than in commercial
alignment of 6,071 completely independent variables necessary for man to feel okay
hypothetical cat simultaneously dead and alive, physicists say
lena dunham 'saved' by pro surfer during a paddleboard race
'a day with hiv' campaign tells the powerful stories of those affected by hiv
watch: clearing world anger
donald trump won't stop attacking paul ryan
heat wave forces johnny cash to don black shorts
report suggests stalin was just one great purge away from creating communist utopia
drunk man staring at ihop syrups
cleveland indians owner admits chief wahoo no longer compatible with modern revenue growth expectations
jody hice, anti-islam republican, defeats ken dious in georgia house race
moderator asks candidates to be specific when describing hellscape country will become if they not elected
this 'bear-naked' chef has a thing or two to show you about cooking
detroit horror rap group twiztid lets their universe shine through the darkness
this is the coziest collection from nyfw
child pleads case for why family rabbit should be named aunt susan
man driving while making youtube video to explain how pc culture destroying america
babbling, grinning mitch mcconnell demands emts loading him on stretcher vote yes on healthcare bill
r.l. stine reveals slappy from night of the living dummy was gay
magazine says you have sex and the city fever
college administrators hold candlelight vigil to honor donor lost in mishandled rape case
world's 22,000 polar bears forced to share last remaining iceberg
11 camping essentials you'll actually use
historical archives: a brief "bring-you-up-to-date"
report: just so you know, your younger sister probably getting laid pretty regularly these days
amber rose encourages iggy azalea to 'date a bunch of hot guys' to get over nick young
swiss threaten ricola embargo
la-z-boy outlet clearly visible from suburban man's grave
in 'margaritaville,' broadway's lisa howard finds strength and self-worth
ferguson pool supply store overestimating how badly looters want chlorine tablets
priest religious, but not really spiritual
ny governor assigns investigation into eric schneiderman abuse allegations
confessions of a secret dog stalker
frustrated jesus christ forced to find 22nd vessel for reincarnation after death of charles manson
steven tyler weathered the storm in new york and ended up on cnn
the republican establishment thinks ted cruz can save them from trump. there's one big problem.
stripper not in phone book
joy reid mocks america's invisible man in the middle east: 'where's jared?'
'your father died peacefully in his sleep,' assures hospice nurse who spent past 6 months watching man wither away in agony
er doctor secretly thinks of self as ward's george clooney
study finds every style of parenting produces disturbed, miserable adults
'the scream' returns from two-year vacation relaxed
tyson beckford recalls the craziness before shooting britney spears' 'toxic' video
ringo starr announces 26th beatles album with new backing band
single 34-year-old man hasn't said full sentence aloud outside work hours in past 3 months
national security council distracted by whimpering jared kushner pawing at door throughout meeting
pro-sanders phillie phanatic places masking tape reading 'silenced' over honker
yosemite national park completes construction on new 6-lane scenic driving trail
trailer for chilean mining accident movie 'the 33' will hit you in the feels
mom getting pretty into new tyler, the creator album
is facebook's subscription-based news service bad for the publishing industry?
new study finds most of earth's landmass will be phoenix suburb by 2050
report: only predictor of happy marriage is if husband ever won wife big stuffed animal at amusement park
another opportunity
u.s. funneling arms to dissident angel group in effort to topple god
gummy bears born conjoined
gladys knight sues to remove name from chicken and waffle restaurant
gay men are caught between happiness and social norms in this short film
wednesday's morning email: trump shakes up top staff
three jews visit scandinavia
drake's introduces new yodel bandolier
high school teaches parenting skills by having students post nonstop photos of egg to social media
filmmaker brett ratner wants to make history with charlottesville unity concert
amsterdam tourist can't find 'kind bud' in phrasebook
shell's arctic ambitions held up in seattle
lee daniels made 'star' for 'white people to feel good about being white'
sean penn sues 'empire' creator lee daniels for claiming the actor hits women
missing children's day: let's bring them all home
here's why miley cyrus is my non-straight, non-binary role model
u.s. allies line up for exemptions from trump's tariffs
child soldier promoted to child private 1st class
entire meal consumed while testing if it needs more time in microwave
bush puts national guard in charge of public relations
boardroom begins to quake as black-eyed ceo announces vision for future of company
what is needed for youth entrepreneurship in mena?
area plant proudly displays leaf
john kelly suspects jared kushner of being illegal immigrant after observing he has no skills
sources: trump administration tells epa to cut climate page from website
the power of perspective
issa rae is 'tired' of constantly being asked about the black experience
new apple ceo tim cook: 'i'm thinking printers'
movie theater employee hurt by customer's comments about high price of popcorn
polls reveal, essentially, nothing
ted cruz jokes about hillary clinton sitting in federal prison
8 under-the-radar museums worth visiting
hang-glider gang terrorizes elderly hot-air-ballooning couple
why employees should use collaboration tools at work
lemur fantasizes about ripping face off next dumbshit who calls it a monkey
exhausted olympians wake up early to repeat opening ceremony for american time zones
bel-air homeowners association issues fine to resident with unapproved wildfire in front yard
man with widely circulated penis pictures not the most humiliated person at podium
elvis costello poster starting to suspect it will never be framed
letter of recommendation clearly written under duress
the importance of increasing efficiency in new york city government
bill to regulate e-cigarettes clears california legislative hurdle
wheelchair basketball game enjoyed for all the wrong reasons
orrin hatch trolls utah newspaper that wants him to retire
george and amal clooney's support for florida shooting survivors gets oprah's backing
arianna huffington urges gop voters to 'trexit' and dump trump
hillary clinton spends busy day fueling speculation, not ruling things out
report: on surface, glenbrook, oh a small town like any other
obama: deaths of marines in chattanooga shooting 'heartbreaking'
stuntin' is a habit: 'atlanta' shows us that white notions of success will never work for black people
'i gave up sex as a man in hollywood'
michigan's congressional hopefuls worry about the next flint
deadly clashes erupt as venezuela holds widely boycotted election
husband chooses car based on lowest passenger-side impact rating
exclusive: lawyer of woman who says brett ratner raped her slams defamation suit
kfc releases new family-size nugget
is 'having it all' possible for dads, too?
trevor noah eviscerates donald trump's love of stop-and-frisk
the genius of chinese cooking
woman rearranging condiments in refrigerator door like puzzle in ancient tomb
why it's time to drop the 'd' from ptsd
in a 1991 film, shell oil issued a stark warning about climate change risks
chinese buffet has french fries
new app matches you with others in vicinity who wasted $2.99 on same app
president obama and hillary clinton met for lunch at the white house
mayor daley's son appointed head of illinois nepotist party
restaurant, staff patronized
poll: some would choose 'meteor hitting the earth' over trump or clinton
scalia, thomas, roberts, alito suddenly realize they will be villains in oscar-winning movie one day
is this the end of the trump reality show?
modern elections are corruption, sen. al franken argues
every one of man's priorities unrecognizable to grandfather
silencing milo
trump goes back to original immigration position with second 180 flip
report: afghan mineral deposits could completely revolutionize nation's system of corruption
sea of change: a company that views seaweed as an infinitely nourishing gift from the seas
drunk women find their run across busy street hilarious
woman bids farewell to former self before beginning new skin care regimen
area man may never find out if condom in wallet is still good
macy's parade float covered in tickets after parking on 5th avenue over holiday weekend
thin mints exchange hurried farewells as carol enters breakroom
bush's 'electability' argument is getting even weaker
fear of losing money is a surprising weight loss incentive
cameron crowe to release only soundtracks
stop calling young adults "college kids"
6 exercises that will transform your body
schumer: dems are done with trump
fbi raids michael cohen's office to get closer look at his innovative, thorough legal work
new co-op airline offers cheaper fares if you help fly the plane
buick introduces new self-buying car
patriot devin mccourty is not visiting the white house: 'i don't feel accepted'
warrantless surveillance bill to protect nation by creating dozens of future whistleblowers
this sleep condition is more common than depression
taylor swift says ryan adams' 1989 cover album is 'such an honor'
the debate over school choice in chicago
area woman marries into health insurance
how long you sleep may be in your genes
starbucks weddings might be a 'thing' now
area grandmother comes forward as 'banksy'
jaden smith is all of us during kanye west's vmas speech
just keep swimming, finding dory is fun for the whole family!
families of slain teen and neighbor denounce chicago police: cops failed
for all the girls i loved before i knew i could
new bug spray forces insects to see people as human beings with feelings
5-year-old explorer makes contact with life-forms in adjacent booth
obama: i am where i am today because of voting rights heroes
chance the rapper celebrates the last christmas before donald trump with run-dmc spoof
orange workout gear that'll legitimately up your gym game
ebola, isis and our borders
florida school shooting suspect obtained 10 rifles in roughly the past year
molly shannon is returning to 'will & grace'
protect inventors or take down trolls? patent reform with senator john cornyn, ceo innovestion, and rackspace
reality of fatherhood never truly dawned on man until he held newborn son's hospital bill
greece rescues hundreds of migrants from sinking ship off crete
reporter's interview with kristen wiig is hilariously awkward
leaf that came out too early cold as shit
man deftly downplays his neighborhood to coworker thinking of moving there
eminem and gwen stefani release 'kings never die' for 'southpaw' soundtrack
justice dept. sues illinois city for blocking an islamic center
democrats look for a deeper bench of rich donors
the top 10 workout songs for march 2016
man waiting to see how few more decades of racial violence play out before taking action
report: most parents willing to entrust children to anyone in character costume
wading into the amazon rainforest in search of illegal logging
haunted tape dispenser unsure how to demonstrate hauntedness
broadway, tv stars to honor anti-lgbt attack victims, past and present
secretary of the ulterior clearly vying for better cabinet position
turnout lower than expected for gala central african awards
remembering jim brady
this photo of me at the women's march went viral and changed my activism forever
lustful man sensually uses one hand to unhook clasp of take-out box
broken ornament relegated to lonely existence on side of tree facing wall
lifeguard getting pretty fed up with out-of-breath kid always hanging on lane line
something to vote for on november 8, 2016:          elect 279 candidates on election day and the united states leads the world in fighting climate change!
can the new sfmoma turn tech-bros into art patrons?
trump's trade rhetoric is unhinged. his tariffs aren't.
chess grandmaster tired of people comparing every life situation to chess match
nostalgic man can still remember time when billboard advertised 'red 2'
progressive prosecutors win primaries in north carolina
germs depicted with menacing little faces
5 family movies still worth streaming on netflix this holiday
even jennifer lawrence can't resist a good deal
bolivia joins dopec
expense-account wizard transforms prostitute into color copies
area facebook user incredibly stupid
man invites friends to bar to watch game, interact fleetingly during commercial breaks
intellectual property rights as fleeting as the scent of jasmine, mayfly's wing in autumn
8 arrested as police tear down protest camp in minneapolis
baltimore civil unrest puts my college concerns in perspective
scientists isolate area of brain that doesn't like poking
khloé kardashian reveals the secret to her ultimate workout
christianity: is your family at risk?
'my god, i've discovered the missing link in the russia investigation,' think 379,000 reddit users simultaneously
is your christmas present spying on you?
biden donates collection of classic skin mags to those in need during holidays
comeback much harsher than insult
how to use distractions to help your meditation
channing tatum and jenna dewan tatum slay on the golden globes red carpet
christ appears in roman court to contest 2,000-year-old riot charges
why the united states needs a "ladenschlussgesetz"
conservatives to white working class: drop dead
underserved kids learn a year's worth of math in 6 weeks, thanks to new app
senate republicans won't refute trump's lie that millions voted illegally
evolutionary biologist discovers common human ancestor at cousin's wedding
three die in grenade attacks in burundi capital, as protests continue
it's shark week!
publicist schmoozes wife into sex
30 things i've learned about life and kindness in my 30s
san bernardino shooting revives nsa surveillance debate
first 'justice league' trailer will make you forget all about 'batman v superman'
parasites just getting the hang of how host does things
four homeless people dead in what girlfriend refers to as 'cuddle weather'
fisherman's 4-year-old son liberates bait
signature wedding cocktail provides guests with another thing to quietly make fun of
trainers share the worst fitness advice they've ever heard
balloon deliveryman forced to take bus
experts warn repeated attempts at eradicating obamacare may have created ultra-resistant super law
so that's why marijuana gives you the munchies
donald trump's pre-super bowl interview ratings dismal compared to obama's. sad!
the gop establishment has found the one thing that can make donald trump palatable: ted cruz
buzzfeed to highlight donald trump's media blacklist at gop convention bash
russian foreign minister meets with tillerson, denies interfering
why is it so darn hard for women to lose that baby weight?
during the debate, these two did the unthinkable and united the country
nation suddenly concerned about black man's opinion
george r.r. martin announces next book to feature pixies, dracula
suspected killer of little girl worked for police
cats getting drunk to 'blame it (on the alcohol)' is the only rehab you'll need today
scientists warn americans to stay away from that bird
spy satellites show the himalayas' changing glaciers
chris christie suggests hillary clinton was to blame for boko haram's kidnapping of hundreds of schoolgirls
world's youngest person born
beyoncé fans are in a panic over their already-purchased coachella tickets
family enters crisis talks after learning restaurant has 45-minute wait
1994 video-store receipt reveals clinton rented night eyes 2, 3
4 steps to a younger-looking neck
dan rather worries that the media has become 'a business partner of donald trump'
consider britney spears thoroughly unimpressed with ariana grande's impression of her
this exercise can help you find more time in your day
enormous, humongous march trade deficit creating jobs elsewhere
subconscious can't wait to turn offhand remark from boss into dream about drowning horse
no one sure if academy awards after-party going to have food
jim jeffords: a founder of the movement to expand afterschool programs, a hero to children and families
scientists confirm first case of zika transmission from article to reader
woman nervous mom starting to use her as confidant
horrifying police body camera footage clearly shows current state of america
so you want to talk about ghost in the shell, the whitewashed edition?
barbara annis and dr. keith merron on the need for gender intelligence, an exclusive interview (pt 1)
pantsuit nation is becoming a book, and not everyone is pleased
khloe kardashian will help the heartbroken get a 'revenge body' on new reality series
slower-burning flag introduced
man stays up most of night rocking cat back to sleep
the planet just crossed another major carbon milestone
kelly clarkson announces new children's book about her daughter
mark zuckerberg touts complete lack of cannibalism on facebook live so far
a little gay jewish boy: "life is a cabaret?"
fda figures it will get around to regulating supplements with names like black widow, yellow demon
shaq was the only one who didn't hear about kobe's retirement poem
don't march if you won't keep walking
george r. r. martin kills off whole family
all the best accessories from nyfw
'half the city is burning': hamburg rocked by violent, anti-g-20 protests
ted cruz's wife shudders after noticing twin beds pushed together
planned parenthood targets vulnerable gop senators with $2 million ad campaign
a sexist comment is a sexist comment, no matter who says it
a reset button
mike pence's 'hamilton' recollection conflicts with donald trump's take
mitch mcconnell says elections are 'not an excuse' for senators to skip work
mainstream media at it again, bloggers report
ja rule on fyre festival: 'not my fault'
this notre dame football walk-on was just surprised with scholarship
employee owned and operated
does your dog trust you enough to do this?
these gorgeous photos of hong kong in the fifties will make you nostalgic for an era long gone
why it matters that women talk about their abortions
chinese food emojis? chinese food emojis!
visiting parents unknowingly strike up conversation with parents of dorm's blowjob queen
polish rapper under fire for use of the word 'polack'
trump budget would turn more jails into de facto mental hospitals
the world's top 10 historic hotels
rhode island marketing chief quits over tourism video showing iceland
gop candidates fiercely divided over how much voltage border wall should be electrified with
'farm aid aid' concert to benefit struggling farm aid concerts
why conservative catholics should chill about the pope
jessica alba saving money for when audience turns on her
pope's renal system proves fallible
women in business q&a: alexandra voris and maggie patton, founders of bitsy's brainfood
house investigates flint water crisis, but the governor isn't on the invite list
tearful trump puts down ladle, walks out of soup kitchen after learning charitable foundation shutting down
nation's grandmas halt production of afghan blankets
service outages strike ahead of pacquiao vs. mayweather fight
across nation, superstores driving out old-fashioned megamalls
area father remembers when he thought killing family, self was crazy
june mademoiselle to feature ten ways to flatten your tummy
mom tries to appear interested in daughter's documentary
alec baldwin ridicules donald trump over his disgusting comments about women on 'snl'
trump ignores journalist's 'are you a racist?' question after honoring martin luther king jr.
austria's burgenland is full of wildlife and wine
new pepsi negative-220 burns twice the calories it contains
kline not sure he fits in at oppendahl, oppendahl, kline & oppendahl
how competent are nonprofit boards in strategic planning?
consumer confidence verging on cockiness
lyndon johnson pulls ahead in poll of nation's alzheimer's patients
tom hanks brags how 'smokin' hot' rita wilson is after 29 years of marriage
sparrow thinks it might have caught bird flu after puking seeds all morning
only name area man recognizes on ballot 'jill stein'
college football playoff projections
i am addicted to goodwill
bill hader is abso-moochly perfect as anthony scaramucci on 'snl: weekend update'
how obama moved the cuba needle
minnesota state fair in posters
shell assures nation most arctic wildlife to go extinct well before next spill
is the media selling or telling: how perception management works in israel's war on gaza
how seriously does your nonprofit board take the matter of ethics?
mom uses face-painting skills to turn kids into 'something magical'
cottonelle introduces new 'piping-hot' toilet tissue
what i did over the holidays that would make seinfeld proud
the milestone i wasn't ready for
boston must mull renaming iconic building to give civic dignity to blacks
cryptic new laundry room rule hints at tale of bizarre infraction
man who just purchased 3,000 rounds of ammunition online perfectly sane, thinks man processing order
america ferrera is basically selena quintanilla's twin in this pic
native american boy pulled from class over mohawk hairstyle
disapproving michelle obama to be printed on all fast food containers
the istanbul nightclub attack finally united a divided country
area boyfriend much nicer before sex
there's no need to fear other people's 'bad energy,' says psychic
'beautiful moment ripped away' as car plows into anti-racist group in charlottesville, 1 dead
debbie allen-helmed 'freeze frame' to explore gun violence in the u.s.
jamie foxx does a really good doc rivers impersonation
trump lawsuit over white house book 'nonstarter,' legal experts say
down with cutesy cleaning supplies!
adorable 23-year-old yelling about economic injustice must have just read howard zinn for first time
'well, that was cool,' say archaeologists before dumping bones of king richard iii back into hole
vacation-bound rush limbaugh to do nothing but golf and respect minorities for 2 weeks
someone made erotic art about trump meeting the pope
gap years: are they effective for students?
the tiger mom tax: asians nearly twice as likely to get higher price from princeton review
documentary review: 3 1/2 minutes, ten bullets
report: distracted driving results in more than 5,000 unfinished texts each year
hillary clinton clearly tailoring debate answers to unclaimed new york superdelegate
new hobby to tide retired man over until death
man does good job getting drunk
the trump cabinet guide to complimenting people in your life
the fascinating origin of the word 'jumbo'
ucla to launch taskforce into campus shooting
how following my heart led me to the one person i need to love most
report: u.s. still leads world with highest density of kevins
nation's dogs vow to keep their shit together during 4th of july fireworks
if isis had committed the 11 school shootings since sandy hook, congress would have declared war.
presidential debate to be accompanied by sultry latin beat
trump planning to throw lie about immigrant crime rate out there early in debate to gauge how much he can get away with
the end is not the means
g20 leaders must turn the tide on inequality and climate change
daily meditation: by the riverside
dad returns from business trip with exotic gifts from idaho
10 winning recipes for the big game
horseconnect, the social network for horses, bought for $1 billion
area woman morbidly fit
hershey's unveils some new chocolate bullshit for you to cram into your fat maw
university of illinois researchers find link between attending university of illinois, receiving solid education at great price
the thinkable happens to local man
aerobics linked to lousy music
calculus problem hits too close to home
leslie jones just couldn't contain herself during new york fashion week
wrinkly, oversized trench coat returns to stage for 34th season with local community theatre
katie holmes is making hats happen on the red carpet
world war iii with china
gop congressman warns of the real social ill destroying american values: marijuana
house of representatives magically switches bodies with senate
title ix administrators discuss emotional demands of job
lone mexican in mexican restaurant doing the dishes
mitt romney still thinking about running for president in 2012
gay guys get personal and ask straight men all of their burning questions
'the world is emptier now': celebrity fans and friends pay tribute to david bowie
jogging-suit shortage threatens nation's seniors
the 'arthur' generation will need to save america
vegan soldier keeps asking everyone if they want their bread
report: election may come down to single candidate
mcmaster can't remember if trump called comey a 'nut job' in meeting with russians
the sanders-clinton debate flap, explained
victoria's secret puts record number of asian models on its runway
cnn's van jones wants trump supporters to face the fear of his presidency
prince william divorces kate middleton after 5 weeks
bill clinton starts own presidential school
from ferguson to staten island, justice and accountability are nowhere in sight
screwball jim nabors goofs up again by marrying man
couple reunited with wedding ring lost in hawaii thanks to gps coordinates
attempt to buy gift for boyfriend results in hatred of boyfriend
man adds a few personalized tracks to standard new-girlfriend mix cd
tearful salma hayek at a loss for words over manchester attack
'orange is the new black' star tells her own moving story to change minds on immigration
breadwinner mommies:  are you falling short of your expectations? (or are your expectations falling short?)
michael j. fox reluctantly fields hoverboard question during parkinson's research benefit
the how-many-years' war
dollar tree to stop selling assault weapons
travis kalanick takes leaves of absence from post as uber ceo
parents abandoned 2-year-old son to play 'pokemon go,' police say
man celebrates raise company will eventually use to justify firing him
sessions drops pile of weapons in prison yard before ordering inmates to reduce overcrowding by 30%
joseph gordon-levitt performs 'rhythm nation' almost better than janet jackson herself
paul ryan currently 141 miles into run through wisconsin countryside
let's preview the nfl playoffs!
u.s. budget cuts for aid programs are a false economy
coworker not nearly as fun drunk as originally suspected
aging father struggling to keep family's personal failings straight
white house preemptively attacks congressional budget office on obamacare bill
donald trump says he might pay legal fees for man who sucker-punched a protester
'it's real easy,' declares it guy about to speak incoherently for next 30 seconds
read the full text of bernie sanders' 2016 democratic national convention speech
brits slam theresa 'the appeaser' may for refusal to condemn trump's refugee ban
you are where you eat
governor pardons self for living
trump touts 'middle class' tax relief but only detail he offers helps the rich
biden sadly realizes this could be last time he throws lit firecracker into press conference
an authentic 1st century jerusalem burial shroud
how where you live affects your child's mental health
cory booker introduces oversize velvet blacklight bill decriminalizing marijuana
grecian formula falls into non-grecian hands
obama sarcastically asks how israel afforded such a great missile defense system
alex jones calls a press conference to tell reporters they suck
stunning photographs capture the grief and survival after orlando
police catch 'nonchalant' gunman who killed 3 at colorado walmart
expectant parents throw some values together at last minute
can 'super coral' save our oceans?
two very different closets: my life as the gay daughter of a u.s. spy
why nomsense made so much sense: a tale of 3 best friends, 2 cookies and cake crumble
alec baldwin secretes own hair gel
dormant supervolcano underneath yellowstone figures now as good a time as any
saudi authorities decry wasteful 3-hour death-row appeals process
company to experiment with valuing employees
local building too wheelchair-friendly
report: it time to give up
'beetlejuice' sequel is not a go, according to tim burton's rep (updated)
area film buff wondering what pauline kael would say about cookie's fortune
dairy company introduces lots-of-pulp milk
nation did not see mark wahlberg's sex change coming
family hesitant about sinking another 40 grand into repairs of dilapidated old grandma
healthcare is a political statement for the republican party
taylor swift rocks a crop top for her new year's eve performance
plan b releases new heart-shaped tablets for valentine's day
sometimes, locking kids up makes matters worse
faint hope granted by word 'presumptive' cruelly snatched from american people
11-year-old declares a debate loser: donald trump
ben & jerry's releases 'cake my day' as its newest flavor
area dog's rock bottom same as his peak
'extinction labels' tell you how your food choices affect wildlife
female presidential candidate who was united states senator, secretary of state told to be more inspiring
mom thought nfl's first openly gay player should have been drafted earlier
i left a little of me at wounded knee
study: 58 percent of u.s. exercise televised
this quiz picks music and books based on your wine preferences
14 reasons why pharrell williams is definitely a fashion icon
rick perry's mugshot might be a money maker
aerosol can surprisingly upfront about giving you cancer
area man worried health care debate might be getting political
raccoon crushed to death by garbage truck hits jackpot with reincarnation
these girl scouts want something done about flint's water crisis
nabisco snack physicists develop highly unstable quadriscuits
woman speaks for record-breaking 8 hours without being interrupted by man
jpmorgan chase hit with multi-million dollar fine for shady investment advice
asian immigrants becoming us citizens at high rate
republicans praise nixon administration for allowing qaddafi to rule libya so he could one day be overthrown
'arby's has been putting more onion bits on their buns,' reports man sinking into heavy depression
teens throwing rocks at overgrown, long-vacant supreme court seat
this big dog and little bird are inseparable pals
bush acquired by martian zoo
the world's fastest blind woman has no plans to slow down
mafia breaks off diplomatic relations with cia
'gilmore girls' creator thinks we're all way too focused on rory's love life
about that woman vp candidate: klobuchar works better than warren
shepard smith dings trump's gun control turnaround at nra convention
bling-bling pawned
friday's morning email: inside north korea's nuclear test
30 days of online dating: i should have broken the rules
this innocent map looks just like a penis
facialist to the stars accused of hiring a hit man to kill competitor speaks out
poll shows many americans agree with hillary clinton that women and men should be paid the same
for-profit college hastily designs diploma for student on verge of actually graduating
ohio cop indicted on murder charge in traffic-stop shooting
the call to 'restore' for this and every july 4: frederick douglass echoes through the ages
oil tanker explosion kills 146 people in pakistan
cat totally unaware its owner aaron eckhart
amy schumer pens letter to tampa trump fans who walked out on her
1/5 of u.s. adults live in or near poverty
bush disappointed to learn chinese foreign minister doesn't know karate
this artist is tackling 'toxic, fragile' masculinity in a colorful way
'support small business' demands sign in window of boutique open five hours a day, three days a week
report: bananas still most popular fruit for pretending to receive phone call
milky way's mysterious 'bubbles' yield their secrets
ellie goulding perfectly sums up the sheer terror of panic attacks
waters tested as 12-year-old says 'shit' in front of mom for first time
woman with furrowed brow on airplane carefully studies article about which actress wore dress better
health experts recommend standing up at desk, leaving office, never coming back
speculating about candidate health is mudslinging, not medicine
taste acquired
sleep problems may hint at future heart disease risk
russia likely responsible for poisoning spy, uk officials say
forgetful karl lagerfeld inadvertently starts lobster-bib trend
how a social media post led a teen into sex trafficking
frustrated man can't believe he can still hear construction worker hammering his wife at this hour
immigrant detainees may be dying because of inadequate care, doctors say
eclipse comes just in time to save john kerry from tribe of island cannibals
man nostalgic for simpler era of 20 hours ago
hillary campaign releases footage proving that she is in perfect health
13 easily overlooked bathroom accessories every home needs
why goals are landmarks meant to be passed, not reached
linda brown, center of brown v. board of education, dies at 76
starbucks' midnight mint mocha frapp couldn't be further from the unicorn frappuccino
obamas decide to stay in white house until daughters finish high school
girlfriend just wants to have low-key, laid-back valentine's day fight this year
trump asks national prayer breakfast to pray for 'celebrity apprentice'
this week in world war i, november 15-21, 1914
steve bannon met with robert mueller's team for two days this week
why i'm thinking of separating from a wonderful man after 27 years together
woman admits stealing cop car, speeding off while handcuffed
north west and penelope disick are the cutest toddler duo around
trump called up for vietnam service after last of draft deferments expires
9 lovely thoughts that will brighten your day
mark zuckerberg apologizes to congress for not realizing scope of his genius
watch french president's dog pee in fireplace during official meeting
world covers ears, chants loudly as epa releases ozone-depletion statistics
6 reasons why trump's wall is even dumber than most of trump's other ideas
please don't ask black people to empathize with trump supporters
fishermen hook massive rare sawfish in stunning catch and release
19 amazing things you don't want to miss in the night sky in 2016
little girl who couldn't believe obama was leaving office finally met the president
lies, abuse and murder collide in new true crime documentary
melissa mccarthy's perfectly simple secret to a happy marriage
look out! there's a 'staff shake-up' looming for the white house
kellogg's pulls controversial 'choco-bastard' from store shelves
revisit your favorite junkie pals in the 'trainspotting 2' trailer
that barefoot running shoe company lied to us all
cat speed-dials ex-girlfriend
peaceful protest interrupted by swarm of aggressive black-clad militants
justice department blindsided banking agency on marijuana reversal: report
pier 1 issues formal apology for rattan death march
mara wilson on dealing with mental illness in the public eye
white house official reportedly said mass shooting was a 'reprieve' from chaos
conversations pretty limited when friend not in midst of crisis
obama caves to girl scout lobby, wears tiara in photo
unpopular high-schoolers downplay significance of prom
after planned parenthood shooting, another american community mourns
big wrench cool
this guy gave his girlfriend a mcnugget bouquet and we're lovin' it
honest, hardworking man leans against reliable pickup truck
house conservatives are trying to kill the lame-duck session
tom price says insurers should 'dust off how they did business before obamacare'
area man has shitty fuckin' job
the essentials of blogging for small business
see how well you know the news with huffpost's headline quiz on google home
u.s-russian plan calls for syria ceasefire starting saturday
pence, catholic leaders share narrow vision of faith at prayer breakfast
'juno' writer says it's definitely not an 'anti-choice movie'
dvd tries to pass off 'language options,' 'scene selection' as special features
rev. run's 'spiritual' experience of speaking about the risk of diabetes
washington insider: white house story on porter 'doesn't add up'
john orozco breaks down after qualifying for usa gymnastics team
nicoderm introduces new nicotine eye patch
the 7 places even organized people just don't organize
period of time in which parents proud of how much child can eat quickly dwindling
102 lgbt people were maimed or killed -- and i still can't donate blood
12 stylish easter ideas that go beyond the holiday
white church protected from fire by god
if trump tweeted about actual dangers the way he tweets about refugees
maxine waters to bill o'reilly: 'i'm a strong black woman, and i cannot be intimidated'
before you drill a hole into a wall, make sure you've got a sticky note handy
pit bull lovers gather in washington
dad recounts amazing story of how, through quick thinking, he saved $4.27
coroner's report finds no clear evidence of torture on otto warmbier's body
bts proves k-pop's power with spot on time magazine's most influential list
comedy central to air touching man show reunion
9 things smart people won't do
amazon is starting black friday sales a full week early
7 super seeds with big health benefits
grandmother doesn't care for new priest
horrified grimes stumbles upon boyfriend's $18 billion plan for all-new, reinvented grimes
asians most likely to be charged for espionage in u.s.: report
russian-iranian arms sale: repercussions of the nuclear talks
why run a writers' conference?
our favorite queer web series 'the outs' is finally returning
defense department layoffs result in increased video rentals
paul ryan adds 14-ounce training weights to speaker's gavel
huffpost rise: what you need to know on december 3
'there is beauty in decay,' says head of federal highway administration while surveying nation's crumbling roads
man defends home state's license plate design
huntsman drops out, endorses huntsman
married couple frustrated after months of unsuccessfully trying to sell a baby
u.s. obesity rates are rising again, especially among minority women
pbs to air more of that yanni shit
riz ahmed, mindy kaling, aziz ansari and others launch appeal for rohingya
group of good-looking people all headed toward same place
nick offerman is ready to hang up his mustache
former chesapeake ceo mcclendon indicted on conspiracy charges
u.s. foreign policy: react to fear or lead with love?
be honest with everyone
comedian writes about abusive relationship in moving instagram post
fast food drive-thru just cow carcass, bucket for money
new yorkers cower as clinton victory speech reverberates across entire state
dennis quaid not up for any oscars
what german cities have learned from the front lines of the refugee response
coffee shop customer asks if guy at next table would mind watching while he goes to bathroom
rumsfeld sick of jokes about his fat girlfriend
mccain clinches religious vote with stirring high-register rendition of 'ave maria'
waitress who took over at table just doesn't have same spark as richard
no, going to pride week as an ally doesn't 'make you gay'
report: really old tenant probably pays much cheaper rent
there's now a martial art specifically for selfie stick users
shaven, cologned grandpa heads into town to rake in d-day pussy
what warren harding can teach us about sex and foreign influence in american politics
doing academic time
australian ambassador gets engaged in paris and gives us lifetime goals
guardian news & media to cut costs by 20%
once homeless student who worked 4 jobs to support family graduates college
employee apparently confident enough in job performance to eat snacks during meeting
poignant dying words wasted on dumbshit nephew
huffpost rise: what you need to know on april 22
cousin of nba star dwyane wade killed in chicago shooting
mom wants to know if the people who live in your apartment building are nice
15 pieces of advice for teens headed to college, from parents
shakira just not feeling up to jiggling ass today
man accused of killing girlfriend on hike wanted insurance money
black men's sentences 20 percent longer than white men's for similar crimes
oh wait, area man not paul
world leader wondering why he just met with the former governor of massachusetts
world wildlife fund donors receive refund after western black rhino goes extinct
stephen colbert let deray mckesson interview him about his whiteness
son possibly made withdrawal with dead mom
taylor swift's arrival causes airport delays in japan
military apologizes after drone strike intended for yemeni isis base accidentally hits west palm beach wedding
this guy sunk a half-court shot without touching the ball
gymnast laurie hernandez and val chmerkovskiy win 'dancing with the stars'
notorious b.i.g. cremation enters fifth week
pope francis lays hands on ailing u.s. infrastructure
the titanic scenario: could it really happen?
kristen bell shared a hilarious story about pumping while working
nation admits it always a little bored by whole jimmy hoffa thing
glimpse of father's toenails offers boy petrifying vision of future
stealth lobbying campaign blamed elizabeth warren for 'socialist plot' she had nothing to do with
wal-mart shoppers mocked by target shopper
friendly cashier persona briefly dropped to address trainee
janet jackson addresses split and says she's resuming tour
humor, hope, and human rights: on the loss of robin williams
pranksters slip kkk hoods and urine-proof sheets into trump tower's gift shop
congressional hearing goof pulls back the curtain on how washington really works
bill maher: democrats must ditch pet causes to stop 'infection' of trump
new star wars trailer debuts tonight as advance sales smash records
a tribute to alan rickman: reading between the black and white
senate's new plan to repeal but not replace obamacare is dead
twister seat could make flying coach way more comfortable
anti-abortion leader emerges as white nationalist
dad finally found in front of tvs at sears
highly touted terrorist prospect weighing multiple recruitment offers
delta airlines is showing 'carol' with same-sex kissing edited out
levi's unveils new line of jeans with size written across the whole ass
area man has some pretty shitty mob ties
the weeknd, mark ronson and bruno mars lead soul train nominations
clinton aide: protesters don't want $15 an hour
first up at the toronto film festival: jake gyllenhaal's 'demolition,' the stunning 'lobster' and more
rnc proclaims mike pence the winner more than an hour before the debate
bowling birthday party enters 5th agonizing hour
immigration reform could swing two key races in colorado
dad immediately develops deep friendship with guy giving quote on replacing windows
stepmom doesn't expect kids to call her stupid bitch right away
middle eastern man not sure how many days' worth of airport detention clothes to pack
report: 70% of trump endorsements made after staring at bedroom ceiling for 4 hours
as american cities grow, new urbanism must be inclusive
10 reasons it's awesome to be a black gay man
film about little guy battling huge, morally bankrupt organization made by huge, morally bankrupt organization
these new coffee pods contain more protein than an egg
vatican says transgender man cannot become a godparent
couple doesn't deserve deck
this is probably the first mammal extinct because of man-made climate change
guy fieri eating to johnny cash's 'hurt' fills us with feelings
study predicts 200 feet of sea level rise if all fossil fuels are burned
2-d doritos sales lagging
tarsiers, the world's smallest primate: animal planet on the looney front, part 9
longtime sexual fantasy awkwardly fulfilled
verizon ny charged 'basic rate' phone customers multiple rate increases for the deployment of the fios, title ii, fttp broadband networks
how the criminal justice system is failing victims of domestic violence
man at party comes crawling back to conversation he thought he could do better than
man kinda excited for internal camera procedure
look: these blue sea creatures recently washed ashore in california
munich shooter planned attacks for a year, german authorities say
netflix just hired producer ryan murphy in a huge 5-year deal
what older voters expect from donald trump
bud light hopes amy schumer, seth rogen and beer help you forget this horrible election
study finds swans only other animals who mate for few years, get scared, end things, then regret it
bernie sanders suspends staffer for being as tough on israel as he is
area gambler likes those odds
vegan unaware pineapple he's eating once used to beat cow to death
new yorker accused of hate crime in attack on asian man while yelling 'white power'
u.s. mint introduces new double-stuf quarters
13 ways to reduce stress at the office without embarrassing yourself
jason priestley praises shannen doherty's bravery amid cancer battle
catholic couple embraces 'who am i to judge'
man totally proud of last night's drunken phone calls
crossing the axis of evil
maxine waters to women's convention: trump is 'most dishonorable and despicable' president ever
70 years of atomic weaponry: at least 33,480 americans dead
on the ground of standing rock
jeb bush quits firm that profited from obamacare
here's why jeb bush's super pac is spending $1.4 million to attack marco rubio
dutch embassy feels driven to fact-check trump's islamophobic retweet
here's how rihanna dresses for a casual tuesday
german anti-immigrant party sees gains after terrorist attacks
bus passenger really getting into stranger's nursing textbook
medicine and self-discovery: part ii of a q&a with dr. victoria sweet
james van der beek's daughters had an amazing reaction to 'moana' performance
foreman whips up special batch of concrete for favorite customer
obama hoping jim lehrer doesn't bring up u.s. economy
pope francis hosts feathered serpent god as part of deity exchange program
dzhokhar tsarnaev rushes out of summer class to make court hearing
miami police officer's facebook plea: 'everyone's life matters'
cm punk talks ufc and his first opponent
united flight diverted after dog loaded on plane by mistake
it's time for congress to join the fight against food waste
from a fatherless daughter: dads, you're doing it right
london's mayor to eu citizens: 'you are very welcome here'
man from canada acts like he's not cold
mom locked in infinite loop of purchasing, returning items from lord & taylor
out-of-control group yields little usable data
serena williams explains why her father didn't walk her down the aisle
hasan minhaj inks netflix deal, is first indian-american to front weekly comedy show
history teacher has unusual favorite president
climate-denying weather channel founder frets about a hillary clinton victory
congressional authorization
everything a goddamn ordeal in area family
pajama-clad child makes turbulent rampage through dinner party
why more men should practice yoga
john boehner's wife calls for her shutdown king to come back to bed
man and woman get drunk, blow $30,000 in one night
nypd officer stripped of badge, gun after deadly road-rage shooting
new anti-drug program teaches teens to resist psychiatrist's constant pressure to use drugs
new study finds americans scoot over at least 10 miles per year
nyc mayor: 'reconcile yourselves with your god, for all will perish in the tempest'
not even bill o'reilly believes mike pence's nonsense about women voters
man's ear violently contorted in earphone's vice grip
bank teller manages smile with last remaining ounce of strength
the best clothes for the man-child in your life
trump preemptively tells melania he won't give her a kidney
nation stunned as man buys newspaper
a game show winner on his biggest jackpot yet: a son
how to actually get a bartender's attention
fcc passes mandatory garofalo/griffin guest-appearance regulation
former priest convicted in decades-old beauty queen slaying
great, daughter measuring self-worth against some 13-year-old named skyla now
5 things i wish i'd been told on my wedding day
'steven universe' is exploring unhealthy relationships for a young, queer audience
nobel prize in chemistry awarded to taft middle school teacher mr. ambler
9 planet-happy trips to book on earth day
friday's morning email: the aftermath of the u.s. strike on syria
albert pujols and the end to down syndrome bullying
rex tillerson supposedly shifted exxon mobil's climate position. except he really didn't.
the everyday heroes of the hurricanes
hilarious video shows 'how to bake easter cookies like a toddler'
multiple tornadoes rip through oklahoma, injuring 7
area family awakes to find michelle obama tending backyard garden
'how to get away with murder's' heroine gets more complex
great legs, gross teeth: endurance runners and tooth decay
faa to ban plane crashes
inspirational disabled horse crosses preakness finish line after 11 hours
who urges end to routine antibiotic use in farm animals to stem rise of superbugs
local audience deemed 'great'
scott walker issues executive order allowing national guard members to carry weapons
al qaeda chief calls for more kidnappings
the homemade chicken tenders recipe you can't mess up
grandma jumps into buick for emergency birdseed run
mom sent on fact-finding mission to read what parking sign down street says
house bipartisanship throws up pitifully weak toxic chemicals control bill
early stage threesome forming in corner of party
report: bots now make up 22% of twitter executives
mexican presidential candidate calls for cutting off thieves' hands
imagine what obama could have accomplished had he had the support of congress
nelson mandela admits thoughts, prayers of millions played no part in recovery
frustration with husband taken out on soap scum
white house probes kushner business loans after ethics questions
the politics of lgbtq people: caitlyn jenner and class differences
busboy who cradled a dying rfk is finally moving past his grief
your favorite 'game of thrones' actor, peter dinklage, might be in 'avengers'
newly engaged couple receives incredible outpouring of insincerity from family, friends
a tale of two kindergartens -- well, three now that i think about it
gene wilder to make horrible, horrible movie
transformer refuses to change back into volkswagen
california bans pet shop sales of non-rescue cats, dogs and rabbits
club has big hit with closed-mic night
3 simple steps to take back control of your business day
brazil probes olympics threats after group backs islamic state
why this aborted airplane landing only looks like your worst nightmare
putin starts off morning by sitting down to write the day's news
do you have the courage to save your life? angelina jolie shows how you can
mar-a-lago assistant manager wondering if anyone coming to collect nuclear briefcase from lost and found
meet 'teacher,' the futuristic machine that's going to show you how to draw
some people think starbucks is promoting 'gay agenda' on holiday cups
real-life family feud offers no fabulous cash prizes
ulta releases line of shitty hair ties to give cheap-ass friend who's always borrowing them
mötley crüe signs sexual-harassment guarantee
carolina panthers coach ron rivera has charlotte's latino community fired up
here's how many calories 6 summer olympic sports burn
'full frontal with samantha bee' imagines trump's twitter reviews of meryl streep films
fountain simulates vomiting lion
nobody knows what third light switch does
how do i teach my girls to love their bodies when i hate mine?
reinventing europe along these 7 points
styrofoam to spend next 500 years reflecting on how well it protected blender in transport
god almost forgot to kill dave elfman of boulder, co today
what does it mean when we call women girls?
bruce dern shares hilarious memory of a girthy alfred hitchcock
sexual predator gets tenure
'under the gun' examines both sides of the gun-control debate, even if it will only appeal to one
dog befriends roomba
someone replaced train sounds with screams, and it's genius
doj announces initiative to deploy smartphone-carrying bystanders to nation's streets
research finds hysterectomy alone associated with increased long-term health risks
this artisanal pickle maker pays his workers $16 an hour
4 ways retirees can be as 'smart' with their money as donald trump
man walks in on roommate in kitchen having way with his leftovers
the biggest fails of the month
environmental study finds air in chicago now 75% bullets
karen mcdougal released from contract restricting her from discussing trump affair
obama fantasizes about ordering drone strike against self on last day of presidency
ben carson wows iowa state fair attendees with massive 300-pound brain
diabetes and my personal experience with obtaining health care coverage through obamacare
little debbie conquers jenny craig in midnight showdown
unstable man plots to bring guns to schools
hugh grant marries for the first time at age 57
area panties in a bunch
three strategies for promoting mcommerce via your app
man practices haircut request before heading to barber
russian nuclear weapons laid out for sale on sidewalk
nevada secretary of state says she has evidence of voter fraud in presidential election
guard in video game under strict orders to repeatedly pace same stretch of hallway
mila kunis calls out trump's controversial views on immigration
pentagon report concludes too many soldiers have same nickname
rachel zenzinger deserves to return to colorado state senate
everyone who started watching 'mad money' in 2005 now billionaires
wave of dread makes rare daytime appearance
gop warns refugees likely to be driven to terrorism by way america would treat them
amazingly humanlike robot able to commit thousands of mistakes per day
ferguson lawmakers approve deal to curb abusive policing
colin kaepernick calls high school team's die-in protest courageous
hugh hefner fans on twitter thank him for the articles
how a pet store trip can teach your kids about cruelty
news website refers to users' ceaseless exchange of racial slurs as 'discussion'
hiker dies after falling from yosemite's iconic half dome trail
woman beginning to suspect husband having second affair
trump says his attitude toward syria changed with chemical attack
pilot shudders to imagine why passengers taking red-eye to atlantic city
donald trump jr's twitter feud with jimmy kimmel
11 things you won't understand about happiness until you are happy
syrian rebels shell aleppo after withdrawal
great lover also great at slinking out
anthropomorphologists find earliest known evidence of banana walking upright
tennis legend althea gibson to be honored with statue at u.s. open site
sign off the internet and start reading outside
college graduate accepts position above parents' garage
so you're hiring a consultant? -- a few do's and dont's
wall wishes it were load-bearing
11 statement-making sunglasses under $50
guy at bar had similar experience, but better
aline kominsky-crumb is a horny, abject comic superhero
you don't need to live in california to create this venice beach-inspired living room
time to redefine and de-silo online safety efforts
group of goth kids claims to see ghost of old man at cemetery
country singer trying to think of rhyme for 'shove you'
passenger ruins perfectly good windshield by flying through it
my worst audition ever?  or, the danger of playing paddle ball, chewing gum, and singing "we built this city" simultaneously
times have changed for american families. it's time for policies to change, too.
british royal family concerned after queen elizabeth ii beheads 7 tourists
listen to these parents teach their kids about consent
guns are 'the ultimate public health crisis,' howard dean tells democratic convention
j. k. rowling mocks donald trump with magical 'harry potter' taunt
new, improved olean 30 percent less likely to make you shit in your pants
hilary swank and brother goof on wine tasters in hilarious prank
carl paladino's racist remarks could be the final straw for his hometown
why some evangelicals are praying president obama will reject the keystone xl pipeline
siri's creators say they've made something for you
spider-man mask spices up blind date
amid an industry boom, incarceration for weed still threatens black women
lucky dead student gets own page in yearbook
my experience of coming out in kentucky...
restore your power through restorative sleep
update: 'the onion' apologizes for killing innocent boston man tom mahoney
finding kind: a film and campaign that asks girls to be a little kinder
man has mosquito on the run
jesus-loving co-worker believes she's not alone at lunch table
loft apartments converted to mayonnaise factory
journey of self-discovery leads man to realization he doesn't care
man accused of killing dad for not getting him fast food
it's time to get serious about freedom of religion
vilsack stays up all night with sick corn plant
when your friends are annoying about their social media ranking
how to turn your phone into a cosmic ray detector
state of the union guests sort of assumed white house would pay for them to get home
this is how 'fuller house' will explain the the olsen twins' absence
nation confident team usa can participate in world cup
pennsylvania republican doubts vote he just suppressed would even have made a difference
longtime residents worry roommate with well-paid job slowly gentrifying apartment
area ladle named secretary of soup
facing fbi bank fraud investigation, bernie and jane sanders hire lawyers
frustrated rick santorum still waiting for go-ahead from god to suspend presidential campaign
everyone unaware how much freshman doing keg stand secretly misses his parents
how to encourage quiet children to push past their fears
sad 38-year-old googles 'jobs caring for baby animals'
8 surprising memory boosters
nude, ash-streaked dick vitale proclaims this what march madness all about
massage therapist sues marvel comics' stan lee for alleged sexual misconduct
historian has big news for grover cleveland fans
dnc unveils clinton institute for campaign ethics reform in response to corruption allegations
trump letter resigning from hundreds of companies seems like a big deal. it isn't.
aquarium unveils 'floating carcasses of the pacific' exhibit
early humans finally drunk enough to invent dancing
colorado's new revenge porn statute is good law and sound policy
i donated my eggs so i could travel the world
we must ensure democratic integrity in the digital age
microlender forecloses on goat
these parents' classified ad may raise a few eyebrows
north korea demolishes tunnels at nuclear test site, reports say
the solution to all of your budgeting problems
noisy upstairs neighbors wake man at 3 p.m.
a gay take on a pop classic becomes a rallying cry for orlando
interfaith efforts work for reconciliation in the central african republic
'stormy daniels day' declared in west hollywood as adult star gets key to city
boss' dick not going to suck itself
trump's prefrontal cortex admits it can't possibly filter all impulsive comments coming from rest of brain
former bernie supporters canvass for clinton in critical philly suburbs
ohio state hires jim tressel as head football coach
last words: alyssa edwards reflects on 'rupaul's all stars drag race'
st. christopher statue embedded in motorist's forehead
bad policy threatens promise of expanded use of police body cameras
we waited 36 years to get married, and the judge made all the difference
it's just 15 minutes to a grown-up, but not to kids
this weightlifting blooper was funny -- but we all missed the bigger picture
school aide fed pet treats to 75 students, claimed they were cookies: report
why manufacturers should support ending crude oil export ban
haiku reviews: art 2014 roundup iv
donald trump continues to favor fox news over all other networks
man betrays his heart by telling friend he can have last dumpling
trump being under criminal investigation changes everything
how 'brooklyn' became the year's best book adaptation
hundreds of coastal communities could face monthly floods in the coming decades
graphic novel perfectly captures post-grad life
jack lalanne pops back up after cool down
commuter playing some sort of alphabet sudoku
parents' password cracked on first try
reagan's body dies
motorist overwhelmed by array of jerky choices
this bracelet lets a dad feel what it's like to be pregnant ... in his wrist
woman in kickboxing class can tell she's going to whine about how sore she is in the morning
donald trump gave the pope a sculpture his holiness will probably regift
report: causes of death getting less cool over time
epa takes real steps toward curbing smog pollution - now we need your voice
bush trying to decide how to spend his tax refund
michael b. jordan responds to trolls saying a black man can't play johnny storm
the problem with paternalizing disabled people to protest donald trump
nicolas cage helps raise awareness about missing ohio teen
6 of the best-designed marijuana shops across america
norway eliminates fm radio despite majority disapproval from citizens
nana finally makes it to never land in battle for the book!
wall street journal ads call out the paper's bias on climate change
gaby hoffmann is pregnant with first child
life between curfews and kids
zero deforestation commitments the first step towards certified palm oil
old friend avoided in hometown convenience store
tom petty's last tour included a subtle nod of support for trans rights
nafta renegotiation is a stark reminder that states and cities must protect against climate disaster
youngest sibling in family kind of thought mom would lose steam by now
endangered species list edited to fit poster
friends regret encouraging man to say what's on his mind
the shrimp at red lobster are officially growing
being moody helps us adapt to change
biden calls dibs on qaddafi's clothes
bill clinton has unibeam installed in chest
man sleeps through his stop on elevator
liver flees george jones' body
green bay taxi driver has seen whole heck of a lot
'100% of teenagers huge fucking assholes,' confirms study by sobbing, red-faced scientists
obama's aunt sends him article mentioning united states
president-elect edwards seen entering chinatown massage parlor
the internet of you
new report finds voters have no idea how outraged they supposed to be about anything anymore
tuesday's morning email: rnc returns to roy moore campaign, despite sexual misconduct claims
america a fascist police state, stoned underage drunk driver charges
top 5 bagel spots in nyc
two big tobacco companies want to merge
skittles highway spill reveals awful trend in the food industry
government data sharpens focus on crude-oil train routes
majority of office's supplies used to apply for different job
watch: these guys explain 'diet racism'
woman conducting ongoing scientific experiment on own skin
presidential debate ignores climate change ... again
the thing that will wreck many americans' retirement
switching to renewables will save millions of american lives
an art colony thrives on skid row
confederate flag doesn't fly with california lawmakers
healthy aging tips for 30-somethings
new therapist obsessed with old therapist
this water bottle for bikes turns air into water as you ride
trump once bombarded scottish leader with 16 letters slamming a wind farm
kodak, nabisco apologize for drunken one-night merger
report: 94% of south dakotans unprepared for mt. rushmore faces coming alive and eating everyone
yes, trump has the power to launch a nuclear attack on his own
would you pay $5,000 for wine and beer glasses made of cheese?
in donald trump's america, people like marlee matlin are worthy of mocking
ruth bader ginsburg says she never should've waded into colin kaepernick controversy
k-pop fans lost their minds during the winter olympics closing ceremony
argument between employees shatters illusion of professionalism traditionally associated with walgreens
area horse hung like horse
stephen hawking reportedly working on juicy tell-all formula
how blaming “many sides” hurts our children
is 2017 set up for a financial crisis?
single, unemployed mother leeching off government
mom sleeps in past sunrise
girlfriend dumped after forwarding stupid link
this school is all about diversity. not!
congress launches national congress-awareness week
'open sesame' are  not always magic words
media outlets pledge evenhanded criticism of trump, clinton over next 4 years
you just have to get to know area jerk
moving forward from charlottesville
to wax or not to wax?
beyoncé's mom steals the red carpet spotlight
bath & body works unveils new soothing eucalyptus road flare
cia interrogator apologizes profusely after asking question about touchy subject
employee's loyalty garners ceo's contempt
underworld health organization launches initiative to improve incubus immortality rate
in the 'bad moms christmas' trailer, the bad moms' moms are crashing the party
11 great things about preschoolers
taco bell to offer discreet purchasing charged under 'tbfoodsllc'
epa warns americans not to breathe
queen elizabeth rushed to hospital for royal blood transfusion
atlantic city votes to protect its water from chris christie
iggy azalea slams lorde's nirvana tribute
this sneaky wine purse is the answer to every wino's prayers
senate amendment would dramatically improve how doctors treat heroin addiction
living life with mindfulness and love
hints of hope emerge in deadly american bat plague
nader polling at 8 percent among past supporters
robin williams body-hair-mowing project enters third week
5 signs your hair color choice is making you look duller and older
roots picnic 2016 will bring usher, future, swizz beatz, kehlani & more
most latinos don't believe they need to be able to do this to be latino
hand gestures transform friend's story into immersive virtual reality experience
the nightmare of gaza continues
house republicans vote to penalize local law enforcement over immigration policies
family wealthy enough to have the kind of refrigerator doors that blend into cabinets
evangelical leaders release anti-lgbtq statement on human sexuality
this cheese advent calendar is nacho typical yuletide treat
powerball officials remove plastic balls from pig urine brine
chris martin says he and gwyneth paltrow are 'very close'
jilted bride penned the world's most depressing ebay listing
man taking photo with ipad oblivious to how badass he looks
'shell-shocked' cnbc staffers had long flight home
just-opened factory to create 250 new jobs, 170 new cancer cases
tv critics admit to never having watched the wire
after 4 years living in asia, i'm suddenly a minority again (and it sucks)
pakistani husbands can 'lightly beat' their wives, islamic council says
'ghost hunters' enjoys surprising 100% success rate
friend attempting to provide comfort has no clue what the fuck she's talking about
right side of fish tank where all the action at
the 'westworld' mystery that started it all might finally be solved
32 gifts people with anxiety really want for the holidays
the billionaire journalist
gop health care bill disinvests in women's health
diners slightly unnerved that waitress didn't write down order
cities in this state have the worst smog
palestinian teen dies after being shot by israeli forces in gaza protests
nation begs disaffected youth gravitating toward neo-nazism to get high and play xbox instead
ted cruz voices support for states' right to legalize marijuana
a crow didn't touch me, i got my period
students punished for sexual assault should have transcripts marked, title ix group says
can sportswear make sustainability cool?
nbc announces fall cancellation lineup
jaime king reveals she experienced 'years of abuse as a minor' in moving message
elizabeth warren grills trump's labor nominee over workplace safety
34-year-old man may as well keep pursuing dream at this point
humanitarians shouldn't have to risk their own lives in order to save others
kinki university to change its name because you know why
jerry sandusky hoping judge takes it easy on him with sentencing
report: 89% of americans just want to go home right now
neil gorsuch vows to interpret constitution using scalia's original intent
donald trump is as rich as he says, if you do the accounting wrong
host who ben affleck got handsy with in 2004 says it was an 'on-camera game'
nation's dogs dangerously underpetted, say dogs
u.s. figure skating team makes history with record number of asian-americans
breathtaking photos of witch doctors and healers reveal the spiritual diversity of bolivia
tsarnaev death penalty a warning to any other religious fanatics hoping to be martyred
we deserve better
men face up to 200 years in prison for gay sex trafficking
arthamptons lifetime achievement award: ruth appelhof at the maidstone
california police chief lashes out at dhs over immigration raids
ceo would trade 5 percent of stock options for 10 percent more time with his kids
jon bon jovi jealous of former classmate who made it out of jersey
people hate rahm emanuel so much it might cost hillary clinton illinois
black man in support of confederate flag triples his media appearance rates
pope francis rides into st. peter's square on giant glowing lamb for easter mass
rick perry on donald trump's proposed border wall: 'you can't do that'
four simple tips to make your engagement session rock
supreme court justice sotomayor continues duties after breaking shoulder
the resurrection according to scifi, part 3: harry potter
'boo 2! a madea halloween' leads a sluggish weekend at the box office
dear president trump: our grandparents were refugees. this is their story.
heavy snow and high winds pound the east coast
how every new year's eve ends up being awful
'i'd like you to post long, aggressive rants on social media,' says bernie sanders in supporter's interpretation of speech
office manager very pleased with new work refrigerator policy
church sign vandalized by satan
what does 'black-on-black crime' have to do with ferguson?
greenpeace decides northern spotted owl 'not worth the trouble anymore'
a rhubarb explainer for everyone who's still confused
gop rep's office got a student suspended for cursing while asking for gun control
homelessness in the us dropped slightly since last year
win a $10,000 mall of america dream shooting spree!
ex-girlfriend making huge mistake
we need to treat gun violence like a public health problem
happy pride: here are barbra streisand and anne hathaway slaying 'at the ballet'
from the maasai mara to the bbc's big cat diary: an interview with jackson looseyia
ungrateful man just up and dies after everything insurance company has done for him
college graduate first person in family to waste $160,000
donald trump's diary is a window into his first 100 days in office
ryan seacrest catches up with 'captain phillips' star maersk alabama on red carpet
colgate unveils new dental grout to fill in gaps between teeth
senate panel to probe russian hacking, links to campaigns
hope hicks instructed to clean up all the evidence in her office before leaving
hgtv star explains why you should never ask, 'when are you going to have a baby?'
jeb bush's super pac blew through $116 million in failed effort
trump caps off infrastructure week by stoking a mideast crisis
how to botch a wedding toast in 5 words
newlywed britney spears hangs bloody sheet in window for reporters
new york times throws vicious oscars shade at kevin spacey
last week's trek pretty awesome
gop's confirmation of lynch won't change anything with obama
the new colossus of today is white nationalism
out-bad chronicles: fantasy from hell
icymi: explaining ted cruz's face and a zika conspiracy theory
the top 2 things people choose to dream about
this iphone x unveiling parody doesn't pull any punches
exterminator kind of surprised apartment doesn't have roaches
the single american woman
the secrets behind the alvin ailey american dance theater
when visibility is not enough
new editorial argues you can't out-exercise a bad diet
the presidential debates should model themselves after 'pti' — for democracy
katsuya brentwood and beyond
naughty butcher specializes in penis-shaped veal cutlet
mark wahlberg missed his brother's wedding
rock song takes pro-rock stance
boss' threats hilarious
journalists attend private koch brothers gathering, but agree not to name donors
scared of dying
stan van gundy calls himself out for his past use of term 'posse'
progressive charter school doesn't have students
wheelchair-bound student would have preferred to sit out pep rally
real-life fitness strategies to survive the winter months
craig kilborn weds self in private ceremony
#trumpacandy took over twitter and it was gloriously sweet
family now openly wondering when grandma will die
we can't believe we spotted jessica alba in these shoes!
time-warner ceo announces plans to merge with secretary
do (strawberry) blondes really have more fun?
trump's statement on canceled london visit is full of falsehoods
catholic child told about doggy heaven, doggy hell
'hands across liechtenstein' raises $30 for liechtenstein charities
a letter to ally parents, from your lesbian friend
trial for charleston church shooter dylann roof delayed until january
radical islamic extremists snowboard into u.s. embassy
mother's little angel just made fun of classmate's weight for 30 straight minutes
last officer from pearl harbor battleship uss arizona dies at 100
hillary clinton rode the new york city subway
huge crowds celebrate easter with pope francis
man getting futon all dolled up for craigslist photo shoot
botanists making great strides in stem research
watch: homophobes have invented a scary new tactic to undo equal rights
why this muslim american civil rights lawyer decided to buy a handgun
read the new federal court ruling blocking trump's travel ban
to serve and to keep: responding to pope francis' call to become protectors of creation
despite iffy reviews, 'batman v superman' takes over box office
cambodian paper takes parting shot at 'dictatorship' in final edition
hoosier hostility: not the american way
woman getting all defensive about inherent worth and selfhood
dear non-parents, please stop giving parenting advice
scientists discover portal to outside world
area larva celebrates ascent to adulthood with bar moltzvah
chicago man brushes mound of snow from beef sandwich before eating it
angelina jolie stuns in first rollerblading competition since double mastectomy
yngwie malmsteen officially changes middle name to 'fucking'
'everything's $10,000' chain goes out of business
social media etiquette for weddings
dear dad, happy father's day: a gift from your gay son
jeb bush severing 'problematic' connections
this is lazy-girl chic at its finest
cdc announces americans should make plans to say goodbye to loved ones
trump's diplomacy is inappropriate, delicious
corey flintoff unleashes sonorous, pleasantly modulated string of obscenities
we get from the world what we invest in ourselves
congress finally passes bipartisan legislation to address opioid epidemic
male marsh wren chirping his balls off to attract mate
why justin bieber was baptized in an nba player's bathtub
'why columbia' and 'pitzer's values'
the whiteness break — focusing on ourselves, solidarity, healing and trust
leo dicaprio: green tech can soon meet 100% of global energy needs
trump faces allegations over charity that forced other politicians to resign
smoke rings delighting newborn
diary of a queer kid's mom
hydraulic press pizza is definitely not the best pizza you've ever had
how to rediscover your passion for reading
not like most girls
the bridge, an essay (photos)
u.s. kids fail at physical activity
jukebox pretending oasis cd too scratched to play
anderson cooper briefly speechless when gop strategist swears he's never heard trump lie
the best of #middleagedschmovies
magic scott's misdirection: pruitt gives climate science the reality show treatment
jimmy fallon's #thereisaidit tweets reveal what you'd say if you were donald trump
trump administration worried president burning through minority scapegoats at unsustainable rate
august 9: a day of repentence
pilot uses gps tracker to draw picture of a plane... with a plane
gutters and castles
nba stars and coaches share heartfelt stories about flip saunders
obama lays out plan to achieve lasting peace talks in middle east
do trump voters continue to support repeal of obamacare?
australian politicians are gloating about their nation's draconian refugee policy
family trying to tune out hints of misogyny as grandfather lovingly recalls courting grandmother
watch: how do you train for a competitive eating contest?
'the huffpost show' takes on: loretta lynch stalemate
woman asked about drunk driving responds, 'gobble gobble turkey': cops
i am an immigrant: from food shortage to food network
how to give a near perfect presentation (and why it's so hard for so many)
congresswoman says former congressman tried to force himself on her in elevator
presidential radio address pledge drive in its final day
kim kardashian breaks down over kris jenner's reaction to bruce jenner
pope francis scouring papal tombs for final easter egg of vatican hunt
if mobile games were honest ... well, you'd probably still be addicted
syrian family suffering from meningitis evacuated for treatment
passenger assures flight attendant he has opened emergency exit dozens of times before
margarita murillo: another victim of neoliberalism in honduras?
seventh-grade class scrambling to piece together teacher's home life from desktop background before powerpoint opened
man who couldn't defeat george w. bush attempting to resolve israel-palestine conflict
kimmel brings down the house by giving trump's latest tweet a new ending
how robert reich is persuading the country to fight for economic equality
mitt romney jots down ideas for concession speech while obama talks
world's leading entomologist calls for someone to get it off
adele sends her love to brussels with touching tribute
margin notes left on menu from previous ruby tuesday customer
mexico in the making: the emerging tech and entrepreneurship community
lockheed martin engineer told to make it sear faces off faster
'okay, i'm ready to speak to you under oath,' says eric trump from beneath rubber donald trump mask
more equality and dinosaurs: people share how they'd change the world
mcdonald's musical ad targets hispanics with princess of bachata
stephen colbert rips facebook for restricting fake news after trump win
the funniest tweets from parents this week
10 basic trends 2014 can keep
school board adopts gay-ass uniform policy
hundreds in alabama may face jail under new law for voting in gop senate runoff
3 months after the hurricane, one-third of puerto rico's power is still out
friend insists you just have to climb ladder, hop gap, scale wall to see the view from apartment's roof
hillary clinton pledges not to cut social security benefits
5 things psychologists wish their patients would do
illinois considers allowing recall attempts of chicago mayor
chrissy teigen already gave out the cutest award of oscar night
america is globally shamed for its pathetic minimum wage
how donald trump united liberals and conservatives on abortion
cosmopolitan offers 15 tips for fattening up for winter
progressive parents allow child to choose how he's ostracized by peers
nfl player shares some good news about his daughter's cancer treatment
star trek fan pretty sure show stole his idea
garth and kat visit 'snl' for hanukkah
'american crime' is a fine show, and we have absolutely, positively no idea where it's going
cheer introduces new higher-priced cheer
aleppo hit by worst strikes for months as putin, assad ignore u.s. plea
7 reasons why we love patrick stewart, on his 75th birthday
'springsteen on broadway' is the 'rock and roll storybook' dreams are made of
step inside salvador dali's surreal paintings with trippy vr video
ben carson suggests obama's iran deal is 'anti-semitic'
victor pinchuk, mistral warships, and the jews of ukraine
lauren graham just dropped a clue about those final 4 'gilmore girls' words
man craving some kind of human connection that would let him know he's not alone in this world, sliders
report: al-qaeda may be developing 'dirty soldier'
cash-strapped oscars to give out emmys
here's what made t. rex's big, knife-like teeth so strong
i'm a refugee. in america, i felt safe for the first time. now all i feel is fear.
how isis uses wheat supplies to tighten its control in iraq
14-year-old congressional whiz kid balances budget
66-year-old 'washington post' reporter hopes he liveblogged state of the union right
sun dreading rising today
gigi hadid showed a lot of skin in her 6 different amas outfits
area man directs customers to superior value in all-weather radials, yet feels nothing
new stapler makes all other staplers look like worthless shit
photographer says instagram couldn't handle portraits of women's pubic hair
sexism in the kitchen
woman ejected from bed in cracker-eating incident
why getting married may help people drink less
lin-manuel miranda would like to remind you to put your phone away
jay-z, kendrick lamar dominate the 2018 grammy nominations
backstreet boys become backstreet men in backstreet ritual
see the celebrities who went all out for halloween this year
the easiest winter hacks for getting through a long, cold season
grandmother proud to have lived long enough to see first viable female candidate torn apart
new toyota suv holds eight passengers and their suvs
local household announces plans to overdo halloween again
album that has nothing on fleetwood mac's 'rumours' wins grammy award
huffpost rise: what you need to know on december 16
alligator and python locked in death duel on golf course
'uncharted 4' director bruce straley talks diversity, storytelling tips and more
morbidly curious nation wondering how far obama's appearance will deteriorate in 2 years
man nods his way to the top
with a little luck, trump and his cronies will disrupt their own plans
watch 'drag race' star milk channel madonna in iconic ad for pop star's new skincare line
do latino businesses pander to white customers?
man arrested for stealing more than $50,000 in beards from hank williams, jr.
the case for collective impact strategies on the local level
passengers 'lashing out' at scott pruitt justify first-class travel, new epa memo says
obama caught trying to jump white house fence
photo of meghan markle's dad could offer a big clue about the royal wedding
innovation steam awards given to 8 schools
man listening to 'highway to hell' actually on parkway to waukegan
how to reduce barriers to better lgbtq healthcare
trail to the chief: inaugural edition
mitch mcconnell won't answer for trump's alt-right white house strategist
live updates on greece's debt crisis
report:  one in five americans currently holding for the next available representative
yes, you can use government money to get out of student loan default
turkey issues warning over travel to u.s. after trump protests
cinematographer chases the sun, catches all its glory
cop pleads not guilty in killing of sam dubose
nancy pelosi: donald trump cannot be 'casually loose-lipped'
princess nokia reveals she threw soup on racist subway rider in viral video
senior citizen keeps mind active by contemplating death
this honest 'star wars' teaser puts the pressure on j.j. abrams
addition of ketchup factored into calculation of french fry's final temperature
cashier allows line-cutting to go unpunished
grandparents' cabinets contain brand of cookies previously unknown to humankind
swedish prosecutors drop julian assange rape investigation
jesus loves trump, but he wouldn't vote for him
calcutta fire marshal: many indian homes lack bride extinguisher
dolby theatre hunchback stares longingly at beautiful guests from rafters
jetblue could soon let you scan your face to board planes
female democrats say down-ballot republicans are taking cues from donald trump with sexist ads
constructionist supreme court to revisit women's suffrage
man forced to come up with 45 seconds of facial expressions while waitress lists off specials
nation hears voices encouraging it to buy gun
nation's lower class still waiting for first mention by either presidential candidate
report: states quietly raising speed limits near failing schools
yes, ashanti is still here and ready for you to 'say less'
trump trying to figure out how to unsubscribe from boring national security email list
new financial report finds economy invincible forever this time
man lived alongside dead father's body for four months
latina says napa valley wine train threatened her group too, suggests 'a pattern'
will ferrell is really pumped about the usa-germany game
twin wwii pilots celebrate 92nd birthdays with bird's eye view
realtor was not expecting such hard-hitting questions about water pressure
clinton, hours before 9/11 attack, said he 'could have killed' bin laden
talking to our children about capital controls
man holding hands with pregnant woman must have weird fetish
tomi adeyemi wanted 'children of blood and bone' to be 'so good... so black'
newspapers piling up on dead homeowner's doorstep
obese doctors urge nation to eat three meals a meal
eagle_warrior_1776 horrified to discover its entire life a sham created by russians to tilt u.s. election
obama gently guides michelle's hand as she maneuvers drone joystick
health risks don't make for a bad president
donald trump sold his investment in carrier's parent company, transition team says
how san antonio's dominant defense is fueling title hopes
chuck norris fighting for everyone who can't fight back
site 'liar liar trump on fire' gets creative with fact-checking the republican nominee
dad frees up entire day to spend on quality father-grill bonding time
nation's police officers now too heavily armed to go undercover convincingly
rick perry apologizes for trying to outdo fellow cabinet members by using $72 million of taxpayer funds on lampshade
jeb bush: i misjudged the intensity of gop voters' anger
'god' tells colbert that all these religious site visits make trump seem thirsty
restaurant patrons rapidly losing faith parents going to do something about 4-year-old
flexibility will close the women's leadership gap
new study finds therapy, antidepressants equally effective at monetizing depression
maryland teen allegedly sexually abused child since she was 3
frugal star wars fan camping out in front of 99-cent theater
28 secrets of exceptionally productive people
if the us wants arabs as partners, we must treat them as such
forgiveness for mother and child
woman in commercial doing yoga to narration of drug's fatal side effects
there isn't a “war on christmas.” there's a fight for inclusivity.
grandmother's folksy sayings delay senility detection for years
watch live: bernin up nyc dance party in brooklyn, new york
the 1-800 cases come to philly
the u.s women's gymnastics team turns heads at the vmas
ernest belamide's gps guide on managing stress
this school gave kids more recess. here's what happened.
comedian saffron herndon is 10 and already killing audiences
the counterintuitive reason you shouldn't say 'sorry'
being older than daughter babysitter's only qualification
i live in greece
psychic fall cometh!
area man's knee making weird sound
why i know turning 60 will be one big party
the enemy of my enemy: islamic state and the internationalization of the syrian and iraqi civil wars
caitlyn jenner will get candid with diane sawyer once again
dignified cat dressed in adorable, painful sweater
psychic-phone-line customer used to be closed-minded just like her friends
the spice girls' 'wannabe' music video just got a rad feminist makeover
dedicated 'humans of new york' fans raise money to send underserved kids on harvard visit
this desperate dad is trying to ward off the terrible twos
an uber for cuba?
trump the globalist plutocrat
local oaf not sure what part of counter you order at
roy moore disgusted by thought of groping breasts of sexually mature woman
gay men come together to discuss hiv and 'the viral divide'
child boosted on shoulders for better view of man having heart attack
pigeon that flew down into subway going to need all his wits to get out of this one
sleeping man flanked by laptop, phone, earbuds like egyptian pharaoh buried with all his treasures
biden pins up guitar lesson flyers on white house bulletin board
david cameron to scottish people: 'i'll kill myself if you leave'
obama blasted by cool, refreshing air
undercover agents talking to each other in 'under 12' chatroom
what cutting americorps would mean for public lands
6 infants drown when migrant boat capsizes off greek island
twitter is a more comfortable place for perpetrators than it is for sexual violence survivors
muslims respond to hateful protests with voter registration drives
indian-american child having difficulty finding bicycle license plate with his name on it
newt gingrich defends donald trump by accusing megyn kelly of being obsessed with sex
the bottom line: china miéville's 'this census-taker'
man scolded by brother-in-law for not taking better advantage of open bar
it's time to indulge in some friday food porn
underprotective father demands daughter arrive home by 10 a.m.
self-deprecating man just scratching surface of how pathetic he actually is
11 sweet and savory apple recipes you'll fall for
area man guesses he'll learn the difference between shiites and sunnis
la couple writes the new definitive guide to sex, relationship and hormones
number of rohingya refugees fleeing violence in myanmar surges to 270,000 in just 2 weeks
man wondering when 'ocean's 8' trailer going to show film's protagonist
terrifying server whole-heartedly cares about guests' dining experience
uh oh, one of samsung's replacement phones caught fire on an airplane
leading probability researchers confounded by three coworkers wearing same shirt color on same day
tim kaine clearly ate rocket pop during pence's rebuttal
nigeria's vote could mark turning point in country's history
it's time to kick your phone out of the bedroom
poll finds americans' greatest fear is waitress forgetting about them
dick cheney protester says overpowering the guy who grabbed her sign was no big deal
the must see attraction of 2015 in vegas
forget driverless cars. flying vehicles are almost here
pope died as he lived: propped up for public viewing
omarosa was right and wrong in joining trump
u.s. consumer confidence shaken after mom buys wrong kind of tortilla chips
knight news challenge gives $3.2m to 22 ideas to inform the public and increase voting
cigarette tax hike to pay for iraq war
b condoms seeking faa permission to test drones for 'homeland security program'
u.n. weapons inspectors thoroughly unimpressed with yemeni weapons
my parents know all about my sex life, and it's awkward
ray-ban a little unsure public can pull off 2012 series of sunglasses
islamic state retaliates as iraqi forces push on mosul
in argentina, the supreme court spurs national outrage with leniency for a 'dirty war' criminal
'the case, mr. kerry, give me the case,' demands malaysian ambassador holding dangling john kerry from petronas towers skybridge
bush orders iraq to disarm before start of war
idiot zoo animal with zero predators still protective of young
britney spears loses custody of child to in touch magazine
is early reading a problem?
'cupcake burglar' busted thanks to frosting
mccain, graham announce support for former exxon mobil ceo rex tillerson
laptop gets to age when it can be lightly tossed sometimes
area dad saw a great show on bigfoot last night
god refuses to grant any more transcendent near-death experiences to people who crash snowmobiles
on poetry awards: figures and questions
san diego chargers are reportedly moving to los angeles
head-in-sand purists
5-year-old says 'sesame street' has sucked since 2010
online therapy necessary to address growing mental health burden
this 11-year-old perfectly sums up the problems in ferguson
new report finds humanity 10 years away from something called ash age
huge animal jumps right fucking out in front of area man
man in elevator in on conversation now
clinton can win 45 states
nelson mandela becomes first politician to be missed
band dreams of one day becoming popular enough to alienate early fans
the arts: what were they?
boss waxes nostalgic about sexual-harassment suit
how boehner can 'clean house':  one sentence to prevent government shutdowns forever
nation currently more sympathetic to demise of planet krypton than plight of syria
chicago announces new tax breaks to attract major new york, la shootings
mom brings home little plaque that says 'family'
rohingya muslims flee as more than 2,600 houses burned in myanmar's rakhine
donald trump sends his very first fundraising email amid campaign money woes
i was assaulted on campus 20 years ago, and i'm still 'carrying that weight'
new numbers reveal huge disparities in opioid prescribing
report: only 7 band names remaining
vital info on iraqi chemical weapons provided by u.s. company that made them
annie mumolo talks funny women and the possibility of a 'bridesmaids' sequel
the world's shark population is 'decimated' thanks to this soup
jimmy kimmel fights back tears over cecil the lion's death
report: dad proud of you; he won't say it, but it's true
some alzheimer's risk factors may be controllable
underwear worn out of respect for the dead
man who jumped motorcycle onto hijacked bullet train never thought he'd see stories like his being told by hollywood
people have an odd craving for pineapple during the oscars, according to data
kansas secretary of state: only obstacle voter id causes may be 'exerting calories'
chance the rapper unboxing his grammys with his daughter is too cute for words
trump's wild wiretap goose chase has no end in sight, apparently
i'm the crystal (and so are you): a poem for cold times
france's election is about so much more than just populism
area man carefully weighs one side of argument
mlb player shows what #dadlife is all about with viral tweet
ipod flaunted
the rca & arista years: a conversation with laurie anderson on lou reed, plus roger daltrey presents hernan barangan's teen cancer doc road rebellion
dascha polanco opens up about what makes her insecure
woman panics after accidentally getting into exact-change lane
michelle obama powers through another day of doing half-assed jumping jacks in middle school gym
7 ways to look like a pro in a wine tasting room
local man gets cocky with ladder
apartment returns to pre-houseguest level of tension
beauty industry announces massive new initiative to make women self-conscious about their palms
report: samantha's new haircut pretty bad, but don't say anything
man allegedly kidnaps girl he met on 'disney fairies' website
man putting huge amount of pressure on self to excel at completely meaningless activity
cost-cutting measures force company to start hiring more female employees
look: the ultimate tiny home is in a dumpster
schumer trolls trump tax plan: you're doing it wrong
black community united by love of homeboys in outer space episode
mitt romney: 'we've gotta rethink campaign finance'
'the bachelor' season 21, episode 4: here to make friends podcast
10 smart gift ideas for the healthiest cook on your list
watch live: actor tony hale dishes on the latest season of 'veep'
not one woman less: protesting femicide in buenos aires
this time, michael phelps is asking for katie ledecky's autograph
busy philipps consoles michelle williams on 10th anniversary of heath ledger's death
5 bittersweet truths that put life into perspective
wal-mart greeter knows exactly how many blacks in store
$85,000 in fertility treatments result in miracle
consumer beware in biomedical research and women's health
broadway stars 'give a little bit' to say thanks this holiday season
investigation in notre dame student-tutor sex scandal reveals startling accusations
cia torture's immeasurable damage to u.s. global leadership
new york makes amazing move to cover medical care for trans youth
oh god, teacher arranged desks in giant circle
80 percent of female restaurant workers say they've been harassed by customers
7 numbers that help put the northern california wildfires into perspective
documentary viewer can't wait to find out which 4 lads from liverpool changed music forever
this senate candidate explains how god-awful and life consuming fundraising is
modcloth goes one step further
college junior shares his strategy for getting the most out of tinder
new-versus-old electric-slide confusion blamed in wedding-reception pileup
10 ludicrous things republicans have actually said about health
open letter to pope francis: help save my vocation
did president trump really say he may have taped director comey?
squirrel who really chunked out unable to look neighborhood residents in eye
these are the only 5 shoes you need in your closet this fall
this canadian mega-mall is your new vacation spot
aroldis chapman's trade to los angeles dodgers reportedly on hold for domestic violence probe
kate middleton suffering from morning sickness
the fight to bring transparency to california's charter schools
warren's mortgage reforms divide progressives
teen tweets of the week!
my abusive relationship: my metamorphosis
nhl athlete offers the worst non-apology for a slur in sports history
supreme court steps in to keep louisiana abortion clinics open
rubio lays out new, hardline position on immigration
child at that awkward age where no one cares what he thinks and he's constantly in the way
casting zionism as 'white nationalism' is anti-semitism
trump lifts refugee ban but admissions still plummet
ted cruz will name carly fiorina as his running mate if he wins gop nomination
man unsure how fellow diners got impression appetizer was ordered for table
oh, area man's aching back
bernie sanders willing to work with trump (but there's a big if)
woman enters miss universe malaysia after finding beauty in her head-to-toe moles
cannibal corpse blasting from papal apartment window
area pie hole shut
daily meditation: divine dance
tiger attacks and kills zookeeper at an animal park in spain
illegal activity moved 32 feet from shore
michael jeffreyton wishes screenwriter had given him more believable name
woman in coffee shop judges a record 147 people
the top 10 workout songs for january 2018
an open letter to editors rejecting #metoo, #meat14 submissions by victims
protesters mob north korean officials ahead of olympics closing ceremony
20 body changes nobody tells you come before menopause
kerry captures bin laden one week too late
tesla's elon musk is thinking about designing an electric plane
area mom: 'i finally learned computers'
what miles teller wishes he could tell people about 'fantastic four'
video proof robin williams will always make us laugh
this parody is for every parent whose kid hated taking pics with santa
circular editor makes last-minute call to run fabric softener as top coupon
new 'star wars' commercial reveals c-3po's red arm and other secrets
how real estate players are bracing for the l train shutdown
alcohol unfairly blamed for local man's impaired judgment
nato airstrike destroys key taliban day care center
supreme court foreshadows big constitutional ruling in immigration case
library to display same tattered richard wright poster in honor of black history month
intuition or ego? 3 simple steps to reach truth
deceitful woman deviously alters appearance to give illusion of youth, fertility
facebook offering new profile frame to let friends know you stopped scrolling briefly to look at disaster photos and felt sorta bad
lena dunham plans to dress as a planned parenthood doctor for halloween
joe biden has strong words for betsy devos after her title ix announcement
talk-show host takes brief break from mocking jessica simpson to interview her
'california country' singer turns ballad into heartbreaking plea for queer inclusion
chairman of house committee on homeland security wants to review trump's refugee order
family with 2-hour layover sets up rough shantytown at airport gate
the first h&m x balmain campaign images are finally here
faith leaders join the fight for lower payday loan rates
america ferrera and eva longoria call out hollywood racism
the no-problem problem
hazing incident ends in tragic joining of fraternity
3 secrets for increasing your happiness
family knows better than to fall for mom's little bullshit speech about no presents this year
'real world' star writes his own (queer) book of mormon story
tesla debuts carless driver
hey, donald trump, 'i apologize if anyone was offended' is not an actual apology
rudy's america
the infuriating reason wells fargo got away with its massive scam for so long
hillary clinton taps pusha t for voter registration drive
sears and kmart drop 31 trump home items from their online shops
getting the facts right about the ferguson grand jury decision
lindsay lohan's rehab stint off to great start—and she's gone
actor nils hognestad performs in front of a live audience on some assembly required
holocaust historian can't help imagining what random people would look like behind barbed-wire fence
world cup boosts iran's image and highlights political sports battles
how netflix's serial killer drama 'mindhunter' draws from real life
young frenchman identified as possible bomber in attack on bataclan concert hall
cyber monday 2015 may set a new record
new hampshire returns to obscurity
man catches bad television show going around office
trump campaign training poll watchers to spot any suspicious skin colors on election day
what i learned about my career from leading a double life
jimmy kimmel issues psa for angry trump fans planning to burn their maga hats
sunday night's supermoon was incredible — but deadly for these animals
suit up: 3 ways to tell if your suit fits
on-line gambling too depressing to even think about
americans demand military response after chinese shoot down directv satellite
look: surfer almost runs over shark with stand-up paddleboard and has no idea
ridley scott describes opening scene of 'blade runner' sequel in impressive detail
the easiest & cheapest way to update your beauty look
facebook algorithm mortified it has to deliver up so much embarrassing news about own company
copyright is broken. can congress fix it?
clinton debunks rumors about health by telling audience exact day she will die
unprecedented opportunities: online learning explosion empowers gendiy
amber tamblyn reveals she's expecting a baby girl in powerful essay about motherhood
punk band has something against local newscaster for some reason
study proves exactly how gross bathroom hand dryers really are
gchat status disastrously left on visible during peak andrea hours
iraqi forces open fire on protesters storming green zone
employee wishes he had enough job security to voice opinion
snowy mountain in pyeongchang figures it can withstand 1 or 2 more big cheers before triggering avalanche
new ketchup gets horrifying look at grisled, almost empty bottle it replacing
this prairie city deserves your travel dollars. here's why.
trevor noah can't wrap mind around trump-obama white house meeting
why gay marriage doesn't open the door to polygamy
elizabeth warren introduces bill to resolve trump's conflicts of interest
phalanx of lawyers stares hungrily from back cover of phone book
12-year-old says she's desperate to stop the hitting, screaming, fighting with mom
grandma told 'do not resuscitate' means 'low-sodium diet'
rubio's path to an outright win has vanished
why william shatner can't attend leonard nimoy's funeral
yoga master: diamond dallas page's reluctant destiny
thursday's morning email: dems say they have deal on daca, trump tweets otherwise
party host proudly informs guests they're eating shark
julianne moore on 'freeheld,' marriage equality and ellen page's 'extraordinary' coming out
data technician by day a data technician by night
starbucks offering new lukewarm coffee to help ease customers' transition from iced to hot
'i used to look up to you,' shouts anguished flynn jr. running out of room after learning father a perjurer
how to stop the tragic loss of beer on st. patrick's day
guy totally looked like chick from behind
what berlin (and brussels) can teach cairo and washington
kerry washington wows on this week's best-dressed list
the 7 worst wine storage mistakes you can make, and how to fix them
o'reilly indeed embellishing war reporting experience, says cbs colleague
bugs infesting area apartment have no clear goal
demi lovato absolutely slays cover of adele's 'hello'
man putting off starting family to focus on treading water in career for few years
the queer response to trump's promise to build wall along mexican border
senate wins fight to lower allowable amperage levels on detainees' testicles
want to be more memorable? create your own personal connection story
judge 'manipulated' 9/11 attacks case, court document alleges
director seeking relatively unknown actress for next affair
'kimmy schmidt' star tituss burgess follows up 'peeno noir' with ode to multicultural penis
trapped mexican bakery staff bake hundreds of loaves for harvey flood victims
denver mayor's son caught on tape berating cop as a 'faggot'
how to survive an unpredictable winter
rand paul's campaign website misspelled 'education'
town hall audience member asks clinton to quickly pivot away from his question and then state her platform
politics are dominating the supreme court this week. that's not good.
man searching for part of chicken tender thin enough to fit into plastic dipping sauce cup
dalai lama announces next life to be his last before retirement
tale of how woman started making earrings out of scrabble tiles even more spellbinding than anticipated
aol/time warner turmoil over-reported, says time
political crisis in iraq deepens
teen publication takes bold anti-peer-pressure stance
when sex work pays your tuition
masters of habit: the wisdom and writing of maya angelou
record-store clerk gazes down from on high in aloof indifference
merle haggard haggard
alabama education official warns of 'homosexualist' common core takeover
trump refers to immigrants as 'animals.' again.
justice dept. mandates 'implicit bias' training for agents, lawyers
exxonmobil, chevron locked in bidding war to acquire lucrative pennsylvania senator
deporters-in-chief: gop will lose the 2016 election
fbi chief releases composite sketch of dream house
academy honors retiring daniel day-lewis with small farewell happy hour in dolby theatre kitchen
changing the playlist in my head
scientists discover new species of reptile deep within amazonian bulldozer treads
5 foolproof muffins to kick off baking season
authorities say dozens of bystanders failed to act as man went about his life
kentucky governor's crime plan: volunteer 'prayer patrols' roaming the streets
love: solange covers lucky mag
rainbow flags burned outside north carolina church after law controversy
this town is becoming hogsmeade for one magical 'harry potter' weekend
college graduate to never read a book again
sanders gains with democratic activists, but clinton still leads
adele dresses up as dolly parton, to make her feel her love
harry reid stunned by ted cruz's claim that most violent criminals are democrats
gunman kills guard and then self at nyc federal building
mozambique out of toilet paper
mitch mcconnell pledges to avoid debt ceiling disaster
washington monument set up on blind date with eiffel tower
bernie sanders has a message for his loudest supporters
'civic eagle' app wants to bring americans face to face in online debate
domino's surprises customer with nice steak dinner
a talk with fabio viviani
just when couple finally stops stressing about having a baby, they're still not pregnant
area man wants something made of titanium
european vacation -- in philadelphia!
weak little man asks for help
ammonia-factory leak exposes texas town to mexican working conditions
disappointed first-time voter thought he was going to get to pull big lever
huckabee earns nickel for presidential campaign by painting old widow's picket fence
kremlin reports yeltsin in good health following burial
in a huge breakthrough, google's ai beats a top player at the game of go
why my ex-husband gave his blessing at my second wedding
8 truths about celebrating valentine's day when you're married
leader of sea-doo riders holds court in middle of lake
what white educators can learn from pittsburgh's police chief
pitt, aniston to quietly separate
study finds american diets are poor (but improving!)
mandatory unisex golden globes uniforms keep focus on stars' work
egg lobbyists targeted bloggers, media to fight vegan startup
mistrial for alabama officer charged after assaulting indian man
gold bond spokesman grudgingly admits it makes your balls tingle
new altar boy clearly not ready for spotlight of 10 a.m. sunday mass
the grid: startup promises ai webdesign for the masses
contact paper beautifies drawer interior
senate votes 64-36, not sure on what
u.s. soothes upset netanyahu with shipment of ballistic missiles
17 ways to make the most of what's left of summer
daniel craig takes home pretty good actor award
'oitnb' star samira wiley's proposal story will hit you right in the feels
national security commission warns clinton: 'the call is coming from inside the house'
instead of arresting panhandlers, albuquerque's giving them jobs
well-off white men are 3 times more likely than women to get job interviews
milo yiannopoulos speech at berkeley canceled amid violent protests
miss israel's selfie with miss lebanon stirs up controversy
body language experts offer insight into meaning of marco rubio loudly sobbing throughout debate
stabbing at miami's art basel gallery mistaken as performance art
how to be superstar sports agent (part two)
the real march madness: slashing student aid
donald trump spends another valentine's day completely alone
xylophonist shredding it
ad campaign for new $20 bill a success
brooklyn decker and andy roddick are expecting baby no. 2
game-changing plays from week 3 in the nfl
golin ceo fred cook to head usc's center for strategic public relations
firebrand john mccain demands immediate investigation into why he remaining complicit
alexa and google home record what you say. but what happens to that data?
death results in great deal of paperwork
picture of lemur printed for no goddamned reason
dhs creates fenced-in enclosure for al-qaeda to safely carry out attacks
nursing home placement can be the most loving choice for a person with alzheimer's
parents wish weak-willed daughter would push back against violin lessons just a little
the farallon islands, usfws, and island conservation's tax-free government contracts
burglar bursts through ymca ceiling, steals toy money
the one thing you need to know about 'the judge'
federal court in seattle also rules against trump's transgender military ban
3 toddlers dredged from chuck e. cheese ball pit
obama visits kindergarten to read class 200-page memorandum on health care
archivists unearth rare early career paul newman salsa
the don sterling apology that didn't happen
uk prime minister condemns murder of islamic state hostage kassig
winchester unveils new 9mm stray bullet guaranteed to hit innocent bystanders
a pragmatist's guide to coming out stronger after divorce
george takei blasts muslim registry as 'prelude to internment'
ex-aide to gabrielle giffords faces recount in house race
harry connick, jr. dies in piano fire
hm, i wonder what mark zuckerberg's up to on facebook right now
obama already knows who he's going to tear apart in memoir
msnbc head pledges to boost diversity after cinco de mayo disaster
where mormon feminists stand a year after kate kelly's excommunication
the threat of a right-wing supreme court: analyzing trump's prospective justices
man faces obscenity charge after o'donnell's daughter found
report: only 47,000 social justice milestones to go before u.s. achieves full equality
2 koreas make history marching under unified flag in olympics opener
khizr khan sees a shared 'moral compass' in lessons of japanese-american incarceration
when the going gets tough: advice from former navy seal
cbs, pbs cut ties with charlie rose following sexual misconduct allegations
house republican proposes bill to prohibit use of private email servers
this horror movie trailer is a spooky way to announce a pregnancy
paul ryan crushes trump-loving primary opponent
vacationer checks weather report for hometown
area secretary lotions obsessively
new iranian president really impressed with country's nuclear arms program
employee keeps up the good work
an american beauty brand just released a line of nail polish for muslim women
bob corker: donald trump's legacy will be the 'debasement of our nation'
10 people you'll see out at hometown bars on thanksgiving eve
everybody from 'the hills' is having kids now
employee leaving company unsure how to break it to coworkers who don't really care whether he lives or dies
these dogs dressed as dads totally brighten our day
there's a serious shortage of psychiatrists in the u.s.
larry wilmore throws some serious shade at brian williams, the media
dude makes his own olympics because not everyone can be a world champ
white house struggled with asian leaders names and countries at g-20
nine rules for effective online content
'this map will change the way you see westeros,' reports never-ending cascade of subhuman bullshit
two gay texans open up about building their dream family
bernie sanders agrees to drop out of race in exchange for 13-hour speaking slot at convention
hidden valley ranch bombed by balsamic extremists
third-grader prays  massive deficit coupled with decreased tax base causes district-wide school  closings tomorrow
congress continues debate over whether or not nation should be economically ruined
police horrified by grisly remains of taco bell meal
nation's school systems held back a year
what we call uber drivers has huge implications
we're obsessed with this magical new harry potter dishware
trump to violate iran nuclear deal, vows to reimpose sanctions
the funniest tweets from parents this week
zsa zsa or eva gabor dead
amy poehler loses best lead actress in a comedy series, wins life
if area dad steps on legos one more time
pantomimed lasso motion fails to pull woman across dance floor
an easy way to shop small businesses this black friday
17 secrets to success from people who've found it
pat robertson says pie not delicious
19 women who have a very complicated relationship with grills
donald trump picks dow chemical's andrew liveris to head american manufacturing council
bank robbers fail to consider o'reilly factor
meet sparkle, the 2-year-old who's your next style crush
huffpost hill - so hard to say good bayh
obama peddling stimulus package door-to-door
arsenio hall writers still keeping in touch
area man going to great lengths to conceal his perfectly normal behavior
reclaiming 'usa!, usa! usa!' from the bigots in murrieta
mom hasn't said full, uninterrupted sentence to family since 1997
area molestation victim wants his bear
new york times seeks court order to remove tuesdays with morrie from bestseller list
women in business: three generations of women in radio: renee roth, jo-ann silverstein and rachel roth
coy 'dexter' producers hint at 'huge plot holes' in season finale
trump denounced his campaign rhetoric almost two decades before running for president
andrew cuomo creates special unit to investigate post-election surge in hate crimes
a digital magna carta between two doors
worker who forgot email attachment expects coworkers to forgive her just like that
new planet discovered 400 light years away from public's interest
hillary clinton assured drop in polls just indication people haven't abandoned ideals yet
three of man's closest relationships with brands
yahoo back on top after purchasing millions of 13-year-old girls' blogs
the first family looked exceptionally stylish on easter sunday. obvi.
free lock boxes tied to safer gun storage in family homes
gop: clinton could cost democrats in battle for senate
beyonce shows love for 'cha cha' and lone star beer
man running toward departing train must have finally realized he loves her
dozens wounded as man defends box of wheat thins from invading coworker horde
man made clear-headed choice to upload series of online videos explaining how to install surround sound speakers
dad locks into elaborate chess match with lawn mower salesman
twenty minutes spent making tuna fish palatable
victor hugo's les lunchables to hit broadway
reporter confronts white man who calls him the n-word, slave
this mom breastfed in the snow 'like a boss'
man needs verbal assurance that hand stamp will get him back in
changing the human narrative
religious persecution on the rise: minorities under threat in the middle east
third whale this year dies at seaworld san antonio
peta protests use of animatronic animals in commercials
expansive obama state of the union speech to touch on patent law, entomology, the films of robert altman
area wildcat a real wildcat in the sack
pope francis to issue edict on climate change
sophie turner burns bright in these first-look images of 'x-men: dark phoenix'
mother's day -- more than once a year
defending my son who wears skirts while fighting victim blaming and sexism
7 facts school leaders want you to know about kids in new orleans
here is what no one says out loud about raising a 13-year-old son with autism
for steve bannon, money isn't everything
'he made the ultimate sacrifice,' trump tells military widow about scooby-doo putting up with scrappy-doo
car bomb kills three in southeastern turkey
here's how you can help lgbt survivors of prison rape this holiday season
france's far-right leader calls on europeans to follow u.s. and 'wake up'
mourners gather to remember the life of keith lamont scott
here's why you should never pet a service dog
annie is not as bad as you feared, but not as good as you hoped
night out consecrated with opening exchange of high-fives
octavia spencer bought out a screening of 'hidden figures' for low-income families
40 tweets that sum up life with 4-year-olds
fox news guest blames liberals for inner-city violence
learn how to troll trump so hard that he blocks you in this masterclass parody
toll-booth girl hit on quickly
leonardo dicaprio nervous about telling new girlfriend he a virgin
this call may be monitored for quality control
most long island politician ever attacks opponent for not loving billy joel enough
ceo unveils bold new plan to undo damage from last year's bold new plan
desperate obama just wants to know who to give weapons to in order to stop isis
u.s. job growth rises briskly, wages continue to climb
stealing tampons from office bathroom currently woman's only source of joy
governor approves 24-hour waiting period for women voters
broward sheriff's deputy stole dvds, toys from walmart while in uniform: police
they accused him of taking a backpack. the courts took the next 3 years of his life.
in defense of light and magic
man could see himself spending rest of life with image of woman in head
6 surprising things i learned from a visit to the er
tomm lasorda to enjoy sensible dinner
dripping-wet josh holloway enters local restaurant
honestly, this lineman-sized dancer beats any football game
mind-body therapies to ease insomnia
marvel hints at upcoming death of stan lee
pregnant jessica simpson pulls out fetus for photo op
10-month-old pug worried upon reaching age when father developed debilitating breathing problems
bernie sanders: sheriff joe arpaio 'ambushed' my wife
ukraine: russia has massed 45,000 troops on joint border
trump boys set up 'don and eric law place' in white house electrical room to help dad with legal problems
'family feud' was out of control in steve harvey's 'tonight show' return
changing residency standards attack student voters
10 trans youth share their struggles and hopes in this emotional short film
it impossible to tell what sounds will freak out cat
koch brothers group slams donald trump's immigrant ban as 'counterproductive'
fishing tycoon known as 'the codfather' will plead guilty to conspiracy and smuggling charges
this couple just dropped a rap music video to announce their breakup
women's health and undernutrition in the u.s.
shell to cease costly alaska arctic exploration
boy with autism reunites with college football player from viral lunch photo
ex-college basketball star waits 2 years to send the perfect tweet
top gop strategist who bashed donald trump will now try to get him elected
experimental anti-aging treatment still has few kinks, report infant researchers
national women's hockey league player comes out as transgender
sierra club withdraws support of controversial fern
cnn panelists warn north korea situation way too complex for them to discuss intelligently
how ancestry.com is quietly transforming itself into a medical research juggernaut
learning resilience from a master
daily mail hits another low with sexist front page
people on the street apologize to their old teachers on 'jimmy kimmel live'
jerry falwell: is that guy a dick or what?
bp pledges to continue being huge profitable corporation
american medical association changes stance on self-immolation
he was a friend of mine: jack slater
what the marijuana lobby could offer hillary clinton
special counsel robert mueller probing trump business transactions: report
mega monster cookie bars you'll want to stuff in yo' face
embracing change in an uncertain climate
dear america, it gets better. love, north carolina
unmanned military drone briefly grasps senselessness of war
nation's creepy middle school gym teachers also come out in favor of circumcision
democratic scouts head to tampa to get closer look at mitt romney
humane society volunteer spends whole adoption meeting trying to sell family on sicker cat
new photos of kit harington give 'got' fans hope
my kids eat chicken nuggets (and other parenting atrocities)
prince charles voted next commonwealth leader after queen's endorsement
civilian 'guard' fires gun while 'protecting' recruiting center
3-day waiting period leads to far more feasible murder plot
network for public education study exposes charter school scams
u.s. reverses course and offers new dates for nato talks
millions head to internet to figure out their own opinions about debate
ted cruz: federal reserve is being run by philosopher kings
here's what is arriving on hulu in february 2018
bernie sanders clearly in pocket of high-rolling teacher who donated $300 to his campaign
the no paper challenge: what if we wrapped gifts sustainably?
'leaking sure is cool, huh, guys?' says disguised john kelly to white house aides
watch: u.s. gets even with sensational goal
why calls for boycotts always hurt the wrong people
crate & barrel introduces line of disgusting couches you can put on your porch
report: mueller subpoenas pr executives linked to manafort
employee totally crushes presentation of idea that will soon bankrupt company
woman flattered complete stranger would say something so nice about her tits
mcdonald's prints calorie count right onto meat
dreary, passionless couple believes your soulmate out there too
nyc conservationists decry destruction of rat habitats
adult-entertainment industry donates $100,000 in charity sex to hurricane victims
family dinner successfully covers topics of movies and tv
hand drum after hand drum emerges from vw bus
student athletes, open mics and ncaa profiteers
i cannot take gabrielle union's op-ed on nate parker lightly
this is what happens to your skin during a chemical peel
world wrestling federation, world wildlife fund reach acronym sharing agreement
ibm is about to change the way we forecast weather
cnn chief jeff zucker defends hiring ex-trump campaign manager corey lewandowski
yacht name conveys owner's easygoing lifestyle
argument about capital of australia occurs 10 feet from encyclopedia
seth meyers' spoof 'trump mingle' app wants to make america date again
equestrian instinctively feels deep, meaningless connection with horse
'star wars' fans start a tradition that will help bullied kids gain confidence
new york attorney general claims assaults were just him role-playing as unaccountable male authority figure
who lost iraq? and what we can do about it
study finds marine life now global leader in oil imports
the united states and britain must claim part-ownership of yemeni strife
krugman: the right fears democracy
singer cites girlfriend as reason he lives, dies, breaks down, cries
logitech introduces high-resistance keyboard for fitness-minded typists
between addict and recovery: look how far you've come
beefy little boy on boogie board misses fourth wave in a row
russian spies hack dnc computers and gain access to trump opposition research
mike boggs' record catches up to him
dean mentions he'd make a great secretary of health and human services
theater: nathan lane and matthew broderick kings of comedy! again!; wonderfully 'curious'
high school suspends hunky student for wearing shirt
mizzou football players celebrate university president's resignation
8 ways to really travel better
dnc honors historic nominee by dropping broken glass shards from ceiling
will the empire strike back? hopes and fears in the gop establishment.
divorced man sadly removes ex-wife's admin privileges from home security system
a popular voting reform could add 22 million americans to the rolls, analysis shows
watch: former british open champ makes embarrassing putting fail
report: more elderly improving cognitive function by solving murders
spy drone taken out of service after returning with creepy photos of insurgents changing
my secret money life: i helped bankroll my brother -- and came to regret it
report: bridge probably has whole mess of bats under there
palin unveils 9/11 firefighter cousin, reformed lesbian niece, naturalized mexican half brother
man sneaks in mid-snack nibble
chief justice roberts putters around house all day in gray sweat robe
iran moves to ban events of mass destruction
here's why gay and bi men might be twice as likely to get skin cancer
pondering religion's absence as son turns 13
baby-faced, muscular jimmy carter tells democratic convention the future of medicine is bright
find the best new beauty product for your zodiac sign
cat shreds on a sled
amazon temp workers who deliver the holidays are getting squeezed
jewelry company jumps gun with engagement ring commercial featuring polyamorous triad
two americas for lgbt people
ricky gervais stands up for truth in the age of fake news
all of math teacher's examples involve moon pies
the sec, cftc and the real-time risks in today's markets
the alabama redemption – perhaps not so surprising
california's rare 'super bloom' flowers are migrating north
a simple solution to america's woes: huge raises
topless protester in spain grabs waxwork donald trump's crotch
be present, be open and turn off your cell phone!
chipotle hires former critic to help improve chain's food safety
jedi chipmunks fight with lightsabers, universe wins
you don't need god to have a life purpose: rabbi
area man locked in protracted battle with sweatshirt neckhole
super bowl 2015: to cheat or not to cheat
nabisco tentatively adds hummus to list of approved ritz toppings
bbc reveals happy ending to 'planet earth ii's' most heartbreaking scene
south korea's ousted leader arrested on bribery charges
you've just been slammed, slam poetry
a flash of honesty
area dad didn't shell out $100 at aquarium for lecture about ecosystem
powerful post reminds parents to enjoy the noise while they can
family cuts nursing home visit short so grandmother can get back to excruciating loneliness
shy shelter dog's reaction to getting adopted is the definition of joy on earth
huffpollster: most americans support a pathway to citizenship for unauthorized immigrants
can't a girl just gig?
brandy sang on the nyc subway and nobody noticed
trump won't stop joking about dating his daughter
seth meyers: the gop tax bill is a 'brazen heist of the country'
loyal senator still lying patiently in spot where beloved bill died
diagnosing and curing our sick health system
15 hours overnight at seoul's incheon airport with kids
monsanto spin doctors target cancer scientist in flawed reuters story
unencumbered by the facts...
area nephew a very funny young man
even consumer's subconscious can tell banner ad campaign ineffective
once-cute cerebral palsy poster child now awkward cerebral palsy teen
coffee nail art that will perk up your monday morning
recount reveals nader defeated
robert pattinson looking forward to taking on more serious vampire roles after conclusion of 'twilight' films
house republicans are getting uncomfortable with donald trump's stance on executive overreach
sitcom characters still in shock after christmas episode proves existence of santa claus
adrenaline supply intended for lifting car off loved one called upon to carry 4 grocery bags at once
mitt romney, paul ryan to awkwardly hug, high five for next three months
businessman takes power bath
decades of breathing really starting to catch up with chinese man
the feminine culture: 6 things i learned from women that make me #thrive
majority whip displays impaled senator outside capitol building as warning to all who cross party lines
mytron the fifth, illuminati ruler and secret overlord of all humanity, dead at 112
critics worried new cia report puts u.s. at considerable risk of transparency
jason derulo accuses american airlines of 'racial discrimination' after luggage dispute
boys in chairs: my first time, 11 years later
a quiz for moms: how ready are you for the school year to end?
lone ant crawling through kitchen trumpets arrival of horde
billy ray cyrus to speak out on single-payer health-care issue on politically incorrect
a pivotal law for nyc pets
routine, affordable medical procedure put off another year
sausage storm grounds nation's airliners
rex tillerson says u.s. committed to nato in first alliance meeting
nation's liberals not sure what to think after hearing special counsel has waterboarded every suspect in trump investigation
pork roll ice cream a hot item at new jersey farm
bisexual's parents half-understand
dad describes delivering his own baby on twitter
louie gohmert threatens to quit shopping at target
that guy from that one show spotted with the girl from the shampoo ad
the gop has a split personality when it comes to food stamps
silicon breast implants perform millions of calculations per second
broken windows, broken trust
kurt warner cheered on by wire-haired man-goblin
humanity hoping it only has to put up with few more millennia of this shit
fun-loving turtle all business when it's feeding time
drew carey signs 75-year contract to host the price is right
as scott pruitt flies first class, epa barely gets off the ground
trans woman covers women's running body issue
tea-party host struggling to keep conversation going
community rallies to win private busing for freaky-looking winter hat guy
lebron james hits back at laura ingraham over 'shut up and dribble' comment
this. actually. happened.
historical archives: iroquois inſurgency quelled by gov't.!
supreme court justices keep citing cases roberts and alito are too young to remember
deep blue quietly celebrates 10th anniversary with garry kasparov's ex-wife
blessed be the froot loops: 'the handmaid's tale' renewed for third season
west bank rioting shatters 45 minutes of middle east peace
lone house with no halloween decorations by far spookiest in neighborhood
gothamist sites and dnainfo shut down after staffers unionize
8 chic winter looks for pregnant gals
frantic, last-second study finds old-fashioned donut better for you than bavarian cream
tennessee lawmakers want university head to resign for not boosting christmas
adult film star accuses t.j. miller and jordan vogt-roberts of harassment
rinkins report: keys to building valuable business relationships
experts warn situation in gaza will get worse before it gets much worse
rupaul is getting a star on the walk of fame
matt damon reveals the vain reason behind donald trump's movie cameos
clinton credits nevada victory to inescapable, pitch-black tide of fate
some of justice scalia's biggest fans declare donald trump 'uniquely unsuited' to be president
man wishes women in crowded bar would let him read jane austen novel in peace
jennifer lawrence may hate singing, but now she's a pop star
last beer in six pack drunk with plastic rings still attached
new york times 'faces of the dead' editor just needs a couple more to fill out corner
ob-gyn kind of annoyed she has to confirm woman's premonition about sex of baby that came to her in dream
captain kirk's life flashes before dying trekkie's eyes
secret deodorant debuts groundbreaking transgender ad
new school shooter drill includes practicing pleas to lawmakers to do something about this
man misses simple pleasure of going to movie store, browsing for something, being told it's out, driving home
house cat announces plans to just sit there for 46 minutes
stresses of white house causing bo to go prematurely gray
activist artist dread scott on why we need a revolution
introducing the pineapple christmas tree, our new favorite holiday tradition
spurs coach gregg popovich rips 'game show' president
angela merkel opens up to the only newspaper she trusts
a rare peek inside amazon's massive warehouse
comedian david koechner was 'shocked' to be kicked off 'snl'
unclear what coworker with banana on desk all day waiting for
the most flattering eyeliner technique for your eye shape
epa warns human beings no longer biodegradable
prince cremated, private ceremony held with family and friends
finger-quotes lady now doing hand parentheses
dennis miller deeply concerned about long-distance service
obama not sure how to handle compliment
new candy to hum and glow in mouths
nation too terrified to look at what trump's recent rise in polls attributed to
wednesday's morning email: trump to meet with mexico's president
to fight radicalization in southeast asia, empower the women
you don't have to 'cherish every moment' to appreciate your children
woman tragically succumbs to natural hair color
sharper image vows 'we will be undersold'
a new future for fashion
obama faces two unappealing choices on gitmo
netflix instant thinking about adding good movie
tom hanks vows he won't stop until he has portrayed every last american
mets earmark $53 million for pitching relief
lack of sexual tension with coworker almost unbearable
12 pieces of advice for president-elect trump
powerful special interest group momentarily blanks on agenda
5 mistakes to avoid during your wedding night
the prospects for mediation between saudi arabia and iran
'i can't do this again,' shaking, sweating donald trump says after nervously vomiting before rally
dixieland band evicted
2020 new york presidential candidates: cuomo v. gillibrand
iggy pop only one allowed in grocery store shirtless
jared kushner forced to follow along with ivanka's classified documents during meetings
book about michael jackson available for purchase
privacy activists rally to apple's defense over fbi data demand
trump's obsession with chinese currency manipulation is sooo 2014
the secret key to navigating change: your inner compass
new numeric boggle challenges players to find integers
sean spicer uses san bernardino shooting to justify banning 220 million people
prince rep has 'no knowledge' of jay z's reported $40 million offer for artist's unreleased music
friday's morning email: flynn reportedly wants immunity
u.s. should host 2022 world cup, not qatar
defense needs to be more physical, reports man slumped on couch for past 5 hours
adorable girls sum up why we need more landmarks named after women
jared leto may play the joker in 'suicide squad'
area man can't remember whether he rented mimic or the relic
washington's hobby lobby lobbies to strengthen hobbies
make homemade candy cane fudge like a boss
at least 800 migrants attempt to cross into spain from morocco
war in afghanistan: enough is enough
michael brown audiotapes conclusively reveal exactly what you want them to
busy mom wishes she had enough spare time to fuck cia director
world bank poised to deny africa's indigenous peoples their rights
jyothi rao: on threads of authenticity
mind-boggling optical illusion will make you think you can't see straight
cannon overshoots tim kaine across wells fargo center
hopes, dreams crushed by panel of d-list celebrities
alex trebek raps his way through an entire 'jeopardy' category
report: anxiety disorders induced by trump presidency not covered under gop health bill
aunt enters ninth year of raving about 'wicked'
jimmy kimmel asks people if hillary clinton should be impeached
'nice to meet you,' coworkers tell new employee they've studied online for hours
alleged shooter who killed 8 had long history of domestic violence
loose first-grader brings home different friend every time
valentine's day gift ideas for the single dad
hot, sweaty jane fonda wondering if that's the best delivery boy's got
icymi: silicon valley's homeless and female friendship psychology
coffman says tancredo is 'bored' and angry
7 steps to stay financially fit in 2015 and beyond
young girl draws the horror she witnessed in nice attack
st. jude swears off ever answering another personals ad
mars maven begins mission to take thousands of high-resolution desktop backgrounds
i care for everyone, but i'm nobody's caretaker
i flinched at their forgiveness
empty inner tube ominously exits mouth of lazy river
errant keystroke produces character never before seen by human eyes
al franken pledges to make up for sexist behavior over course of next four senate terms
ctrl+ plus: a closer look at amc's halt and catch fire
man still worried parents of ex-girlfriend from 7 years ago hate him
call from daycare can't be good
cherry blossoms transform iconic d.c. landmarks a week early
pope condemns islamic state terrorism in christmas message
5.85 million people who can't vote but can they still complain?
dad suggests arriving at airport 14 hours early
new 'doctors without licenses' program provides incompetent medical care to refugees
houses of worship explore creative designs to serve people with disabilities
nation rallies around ronald mcdonald statue that embodies country's true heritage
a woman announced her pregnancy with a unicorn frappuccino
clinton promises to enact agenda whether or not she elected
50 years after martin luther king jr.'s death, america is still segregated
britain's labour party readies for potential leadership battle
we learn our best lessons when we fail, according to pete carroll
ex-israeli defense chief: netanyahu wanted to attack iran in 2010
escaping ebola: a dangerous journey from the desert to the mediterranean sea
obama calls baton rouge police shooting 'the work of cowards who speak for no one'
applebee's to offer divorced-father-and-child specials every other weekend
brazil prison riot kills at least 27 inmates, reports say
j.k. rowling revealed to be pseudonym for newt gingrich
libyan islamist fighters say captured main airport, mystery airstrikes continue
christmas tree still sitting on curb outside rockefeller center
paul ryan slits auto mechanic's throat to kick off gop purge of working class
rick perry experiences overwhelming feeling of clarity and contentment in final moments before death of campaign
how brazil's 'lord of guns' armed rio's drug war with u.s. weapons
how to be an effective listener
new law prohibits kaleidoscoping while driving
palestinians starting to play on less uneven playing field
video game shopkeeper starting to get suspicious after selling 800 bombs to player
world gets first-ever look inside greenspan fantasy ranch
for all the bffs with zero boundaries
rex tillerson can expect a lot of questions about his record on climate change
surinamese man struggling to write the great surinamese novel
dad transforms kids' toy cars into epic 'mad max' mobiles
employees still have no idea what's going on after attending meeting
johnson & johnson wins reversal of $72 million verdict over talc cancer risks
'matt shepard is a friend of mine,' and my son
anna faris was dropping hints about trouble with chris pratt before split
nobody wins when the final score is 161-2
the death of fake reality television, the birth of 'connected'
ferguson police chief: darren wilson did not know michael brown was suspect in 'strong-armed' robbery
'daily show' and rosie o'donnell reveal donald trump's 'very very incredible deal'
pancake-craving dog accidentally starts house fire
trump meets drugmakers, demands lower prices
neurologists find brain still shows signs of self-criticism minutes after death
desperate u.s. colleges weigh emergency bob marley legend ban
mother's day ad shows moms from the perspective of toddlers
how to replace your self-doubt with unshakeable confidence
your dog died
when a man's wheelchair got stuck in a storm, this cop did something great
report: fax machines still pretty impressive if you think about it
13 tweets that show  'pokemon go'  is a truly religious experience
peter dinklage might've spit his gum into wife's mouth before accepting his emmy
focus groups hated it right up until guy's head got cut off
560-pound man says he's riding across country to save his life -- but is he scamming america?
the entrepreneurial advantage
how at&t execs took over the red cross and hurt its ability to help people
sunday meal planner: get through the week with breakfast enchiladas and more
apparently man can't just hate bowling
decoding america's immigration sentiment
the 30 most wtf moments of the 2014-2015 nba season
good charlotte recording 10 new songs to be played at low volume in p.f. chang's
growing up black and gay in the south
stephen colbert destroys dissenting justices in same-sex marriage decision
republicans fail on health care. here's why the rest of trump's agenda won't be 'so easy,' either
man snaps selfie with a python. the snake snapped back, unsurprisingly.
loan officer from future warns: 'stop mortgaging your home at only 1.65% of the prime rate!'
on the road to term 4, jerry brown dispenses with kashkari and rolls with arnold schwarzenegger
347 locals identify slain prostitute
there's a reason this lonely bird has such freaky feathers
'f**k it, i quit' anchor explains her dramatic exit
youtube reaches 1 trillion racist comments
u.s. police chiefs call for background checks for all gun purchases
finding a gifted translator to translate your important documents into foreign languages
suburbanite shocked by poor condition of urban mall
watch: we asked new yorkers one question...
blue aclu ribbons are the stars' best accessories at 2017 oscars
study finds average american inadvertently eats equivalent of 8 pieces of fruit per year
trying to explain heroin to the concerned father of an addict
teen runaway starts new high-paying career
watch these hero humans rescue shark tangled up in fishing line
tips for paying off medical school loans
supreme court makes slip-up in death penalty case
'this life isn't worth a damn': the precarious existence of czech intellectuals
today's buddha doodle - how to change your future
jeb bush campaign adviser serves on board of predatory college itt
two words that could save nypd -- and us
bernie sanders repeatedly scolded for attempting to unionize debate moderators
paul ryan says he doesn't want to work with democrats on health care
what happened when my daughter asked for a bra
dancing costumed midgets celebrate death of deng xiaoping
you might be using these popular words all wrong
bernie sanders says he will 'certainly support' hillary clinton if she's the democratic nominee
these 16 great videos remind us what it meant to be lgbtq in 2016
hear the siren from behind the fence
escaping the higher education stockholm syndrome
anderson cooper begins debate by giving trump opportunity to explain what the fuck is wrong with him
'gta v' a sophisticated gaming experience, says man who spent 3 hours running over homeless people with fire truck
angelique kerber defeats serena williams in australian open
rescue dog adopted for couple weeks
different waitress brings order
nickname to forever prevent people from getting to know the real dumptruck
watch: 'trash-talking' dogs prove their bark is worse than their bite
goddamn findings fail to support researcher's hypothesis
devotees visit ihop to get foreheads marked with syrup cross on national pancake day
society tea party spoiled by ocelot
don cheadle claims trump once used racial slur in reference to black women
secretary of interior announces $400 million initiative to preserve self for future generations to enjoy
body breaking down in totally different order than man expected
scientists confirm there's nothing but misinformation on anti-vax sites
who admits it botched response to ebola outbreak
london mayor sadiq khan reads hate tweets he receives in sxsw speech
header image
god recalls life-changing encounter with 8-year-old boy who had near-death experience
obama returns from india with these gross candies for everyone
study: 38 age it too late
emotional wayne lapierre honors victims of background checks
msnbc host: trump's rallies aren't fun, they're fascist
half-empty bottle of malibu found in woods behind school
business gains are doubled when they're done with love
hypochondriac maple tree always convinced it has asian longhorn beetles
gm workers strike for 2,000-peso raise
how to make a cocktail while flying
local man dies following short battle with gas leak explosion
2-year-old unaware he's basis for 6 couples' decisions not to have kids
marc andreessen's 'colonialism' gaffe? a symptom of silicon valley bias
microsoft employees fondly remember days when ceos were so big they took up entire rooms
nation surprised it took so long for primaries to weed out candidate with genuine principles
report: voters may have tried to influence '96 election
strange new culture forming on other end of office
secret service took 15 minutes to catch white house fence jumper: report
next episode of 'girls' to feature lena dunham shitting herself during gyno exam while eating a burrito
smooth transaction at dmv exaggerated into story anyway
cops recording your every move for 10 weeks doesn't violate the constitution
the best taxi and ride-hailing apps around the world
man with no plans just too exhausted to go out
pope francis canonizes single turkey in annual vatican tradition
cell-phone user promises girlfriend, entire post office he'll try to change
u.s. and britain call for immediate ceasefire in yemen
universe comes to halt as kid flips through first shark book
eu court issues landmark data ruling
are you perpetuating the glass ceiling
woman judges cities solely by their airports
u.s. to just hand terry jones over to fundamentalist muslims
debbie wasserman schultz faces tough primary without help from democratic campaign arm
we've seen the future of flight, and it's awesome
birthing in the gambia: educate, empower and enable
black man bids tearful goodbye to family before daily commute
jesse eisenberg compares comic-con to genocide
daniel boulud awards scholarship to c-cap alum
report: stating current year still leading argument for social reform
terry jones - could have at least manned up and burned one koran
why progressives are cautiously optimistic about hillary clinton
tesla's difficult month just got a little worse
elderly woman applying makeup most heartbreaking thing on earth
sheldon adelson looks to harry reid for a big favor
don't trust your gut on hillary: why the visceral suspicion of her is predictable – and untrustworthy
john oliver rallies 'time-wasters and troublemakers' to fight the fcc
study: how long you wait to see a doctor is linked to race, employment
justin timberlake is the new face of dad-pop
a plea to free archbishop mar gregorios yohanna ibrahim and archbishop boulos yazigi who were kidnapped one year ago today
cnn holds morning meeting to decide what viewers should panic about for rest of day
u.s. cryptographers: 'frpx-k5je-oc4n-e5dn'
disney begins uploading obama's consciousness to hall of presidents robot
report: 80% of subway track repairmen run over each day
bernie sanders shows how reagan destroyed the middle class
soda nearing room temperature
there's going to be a huge queer dance protest outside of ivanka trump's house
these kids' space-themed halloween costumes were out of this world
beware the squid children of cebu
america's favorite mexican food chain is... not chipotle. not even close.
'god called me here': meet the people of little rock
new mit study suggests sonic the hedgehog might be living in computer simulation
bruce springsteen accidentally plays 'big government's stealin' our livelihood' at obama rally
ryan lochte is 32. we shouldn't treat him like a kid.
homeland security finally vows to fully join investigation into 'hate-inspired attacks'
the question all real-life 'heroes' ask themselves
lessons from a president's day accident
hawaii supreme court hears case against controversial telescope
11 odd household objects that will intrigue you, then frustrate you beyond belief
michael bay might secretly be a genius, despite his awful movies
18 #menforchoice on why they're standing up for a woman's right to choose
how to talk to a woman: 12 tips
thousands protest wisconsin's right-to-work bill at the state's capitol
lance armstrong settles $100 million federal fraud case for $5 million
grotesque child born with only 99% normal human dna
james cameron cried the first time he heard james horner's 'titanic' theme
rubio's mysterious credit card data revealed
item individually wrapped for no reason
what shale gas revolution means for international energy geopolitics and new world order?
tip of area man's tongue refuses to relinquish richard crenna's name
mtv executive grounds son for recommending good charlotte
kerry's face droops with joy over latest polls
16 ways to be a better spouse in 2016
leave no votes on the table: engaging latinos in georgia and kansas
words of wisdom for the introverts in the classroom
israel calls for increase in u.s. taxes to fund attacks on gaza
people apparently been using rest stop barbecue pit
oven preheated for 16 seconds
harrison ford chuckles to self upon realizing he hasn't been in movie people liked in 18 years
news roundup for april 17
this dance inspired by 'moonlight' is almost as gorgeous as the real thing
audra mcdonald, kirsten gillibrand to celebrate the lgbtq community in nyc
thousands of rats tumble about uncontrollably inside snoopy balloon high above thanksgiving day parade
5 states to decide whether to legalize marijuana or continue honoring god
cat looking out window, bird form unbelievably intense fifth-of-a-second bond
when art becomes poison
tick happy where he is
man wakes from nightmare relieved it only expression of his real-life problems
frat suspended after 'rape some b*****s' comment caught on tape
7 things the earth would totally tweet if it could
welcome to a new era of activism
9 entrepreneurship lessons from the mountains
trump accidentally fires off 'boring mike pence' tweet during vp speech before he can stop himself
beanie broker urges storkholders to sell
someone stole a ton of very, very valuable bull semen
man was himself for 27 minutes today
man to undergo extensive interrogation by coworkers about where he got falafel
both parties seem to be having a change of heart about federal power
dems call for investigation into group behind planned parenthood 'sting' videos
antidepressant medication label reminds users that pill should never be mixed with long look in mirror
back from the valley: sebastian junger on korengal
trump voters had a much better 2017 than clinton voters did
when one of the world's most 'insider' galleries hosts an 'outsider' art show (nsfw)
chuck e. cheese's pit boss tells floor attendant to keep an eye on guest winning big at skee-ball
man at gym just watching tv
espn to have first female analyst call top soccer tournament on u.s. tv
women in business q&a: roxane divol, svp and gm, trust services, symantec
los angeles 1992: a personal reflection
teddy bear feels terrible for sparking 'what are we?' conversation
why we 'freeze' in uncomfortable situations
travel ban challengers lose bid for rudy giuliani's purported 'muslim ban' memo
bruce springsteen on fence about playing assad's birthday gig
casual sex surprisingly formal
hubble space telescope finds men from venus, women from mars
art that: a) amuses, b) challenges, c) leaves us in disbelief
bus rider clutching head in pain completely ignored
former lovers meet in coffee shop for one last cliché
kendall jenner is 'wonder'-fully blonde in vogue
private prison company backs super pacs for donald trump, senate republicans
facebook temporarily killed off a lot of its users
identity theft and credit card fraud... who is really at risk?
5 facts about life i've realized this year
when this tenacious learner became a mom
norah jones releases debut album for third time
paul giamatti cuts back on acting to focus on signature line of shapeless khakis, rumpled polos
the 8 most important lessons from my first year out of college
california becomes the first state to prescribe food as medicine
will content marketing replace traditional sales?
north dakota flooding reminds people of north dakota's existence
how really bad cgi almost ruined '80s disney horror flick 'watcher in the woods'
nonessential government employee gets back to work
this author thinks all women are 'crazy' -- and wants us to own it
tammy haddad brunch kicks off star-studded whcd weekend
peyton manning calls doping allegations 'complete trash'
spanish government threatens to impose direct rule in catalonia
'loud, desperate need for approval' leads tony nominations
hillary clinton held her first press conference of 2016 -- or not
nasa reveals plans for new rover
ira glass tries to explain 'this american life' at high school reunion
joe stevens: queer culture, female roots and making music as a trans man
date of apple backlash set for march 21, 2008
new dog sick of being compared to old one
try this one thing before assuming you have a sleep disorder
meet baton rouge's hip-hop catholic priest
5 key habits to living a radiant life
police officer who killed unarmed motorist cleared of all charges
no clear winner in feces-throwing conflict
perfect party dresses for your body type
final harry potter book blasted for containing spoilers
in his new act, tommy tune vows to be a 'vitamin for the spirit'
congress might actually pass a permanent 9/11 bill
following in the footsteps of malcolm x
in the face of systemic racism, south asians must not keep silent
per tradition, ex-presidents watch obamas christen white house bed
ruling galaxies but not countries: new research on women in film
the fellowship of the film
these boston bombing survivors don't think it's too soon for 'patriots day'
pet dog almost like disgusting family member
gop strategist calls out 'little child' trump for his lack of impulse control
8 ways fitness changed my life
an mtv 'cribs'-style tour of pluto
afghan warlord takes anderson cooper as 43rd wife
media, the myth of trump and what really matters
listen, area boss gets it
ohio state fair accident caused by 'excessive corrosion,' ride manufacturer says
'heed my tragic story well, friends, for you could just as easily be me,' says chris christie in haunting rnc speech
the internet mourns one-year anniversary of harambe's death
tim kaine found riding conveyor belt during factory campaign stop
obama sleeping with louisville slugger under bed now
non-alcoholic beer inventor unveils new non-adhesive glue
people are protesting usda records blackout with photos of puppy mill survivors
i am terrified of taking my child literally anywhere
white house dishwasher tenders resignation
mitsubishi from 'the fast and the furious' lands first directorial role
have obama's education policies weakened the democratic party?
the bachelor recapped by someone who has actually been to iowa, unlike any of the contestants
report: nation secretly hoping dads die first
a picture postcard from meenakshi amman temple, india
trump picks nikki haley for un ambassador
old man with foggy eye not even magical
baby found on doorstep moved to neighbor's doorstep
8 reasons women in midlife need more than their besties
yes, 'chinaperson' is a racist term
trump tells 57,000 honduran immigrants to leave or risk deportation
donald trump has already cemented his pathetic legacy
report: some russian soldiers quit army over ukraine war
lose the last 10 pounds: tips to help you reach your goal weight
woman mad boyfriend not jealous she danced with other guy
republicans still don't have the votes to replace obamacare
'the shining' is now 'the chickening,' so be afraid and chicken
islamic awakening inspires man to defect from isis
watch bryan cranston's 'malcolm in the middle' character morph into walter white
candidate: mass fraud during afghan vote
delta blues poised for biggest revival since 1915
'stranger things 2' creators say keen viewers will notice twinge of disappointment hidden in every scene
cute couple on same antidepressant
chicago is fighting climate change no matter what trump says
new 'i am cait' teaser shows caitlyn jenner is still 'the same person'
50-year-old prince licks aarp representative's face
79-year-old still saving for future
massive blast rocks central baghdad
do you use someone else's netflix password? you're not alone
this is not my body
'mad men' actor wants mississippi to find hope in his wedding
portland hate killer ranted about stabbings and muslims on facebook amid rising u.s. hate crime
chinese military plane makes first public landing on disputed island
the best relationship of your life will be with someone 'clingy'
stanley introduces new sawed-off hot glue shotgun
a gamechanger: nobel prize winner kailash satyarthi
a new lena dunham show is coming to hbo
fred willard a huge hit at counseling session
wisconsin students trumped the rest with their pumpkin decorating
t-shirt machine gun to change the face of promotional warfare
robert mueller dreading returning from 2-month european vacation to start russia investigation
this startup wants to make overpaying for a tiny nyc bedroom seem cool
women in politics matter -- even when they're not women's advocates
visit to google earth reveals house is on fire
you've never seen the victoria's secret angels like this before
why don't we say 'you're welcome' anymore?
new census study finds that 40% of u.s. population is filler
why the teacher walkouts sweeping the country are a feminist issue
senators lured back to emergency session by promise of free pizza
starlet-viewer age difference quickly calculated
town proud of water tower
how to live to be 110
watch live: william shatner discusses the life of late friend leonard nimoy
army vet accused of murder came to nyc to kill black men, cops say
betsy devos says she's 'misunderstood,' then struggles to explain her own policies
the best reason to love our bodies
lady gaga introduces us to her creepy 'american horror story: hotel' children
kung fu master with iron crotch is one ballsy martial artist
philip morris ceo forces senator to dance for his amusement
one woman, two proposals, dumbfounding indecision
a guide to sex at 50 and beyond
dining out in dallas by john mariani
experts advise against throwing laptop across office even though it will feel incredible
affable detective with healthy personal life hasn't solved case in months
nation not sure how many ex-trump staffers it can safely reabsorb
cdc rolls out fleet of narcan biplanes to fumigate opioid-ravaged small towns
stephen colbert gets women from 1776 to react to the first female presidential nominee
this is how you wear shoes with ankle straps
michael bolton singing john bolton's scary words about war is almost soothing
how the grammys gloss over great indigenous music being made today
two conferences spotlight the muslim world's struggle to counter militancy
health care reform and the futures of primary care and psychiatry
on facebook, trump's longtime butler calls for obama to be killed
magical girlfriend transmutes guilt into precious stones
new nike deal ensures future for women's pro soccer in u.s.
steve ballmer made a new twitter account, and used it to make a surprising announcement
what makes bill gates feel 'stupid'
cupid is stupid
public theology and taylor swift
melting permafrost endangers greenland and releases harmful, disease-causing bacteria
strive for rising expectations
travel etiquette: how to use a flight delay to your advantage
'saturday night live' can't use language as bad as trump's
nobel committee awards self peace prize for once
how police chaplains help departments cope with officer deaths
all hail nicole kidman, who won a deserved emmy for 'big little lies'
michele bachmann figures why not, introduces homosexual-beheading bill
david brock urges cbs to reopen review of discredited benghazi report
mcdonald's janitor would like to thank everyone who tossed half-full cups of soda into trash
what every parent needs to know about their schools
this 2-year-old has a lifetime's worth of perfect halloween costumes
dame judi dench learning to spit lyrics will make you love her even more
populist candidate gaining support among underrepresented corporations
parents legally change 9-year-old's name to better reflect current pop culture
hbo film reveals liberace was good friends with gay men
here is jake gyllenhaal singing his heart out ahead of his broadway musical debut
military drone takes advantage of gi bill education benefits
could your family escape a house fire in time?
exploring letters from himmler
supreme court justices brought to tears by heartfelt testimony of bigot who hates gay people
humanity still producing new art as though megadeth's 'rust in peace' doesn't already exist
three boomers feared dead in jenga collapse
spectacular video lets you fly around ceres
a constitutional scandal worse than iran-contra or watergate
alex rodriguez pulls out of world baseball classic because everyone else is doing it
adorable baby is moved to tears while listening to mom sing
gina rodriguez tears up as she gets a surprise visit from acting teacher
steven tyler admits to hitting on daughter liv's famous pal while she watched
rohit varma on india's surge in the digital era
forget 'looking' -- one of our favorite queer web series is back
egypt sends submarine to look for missing flight ms804
everyone is in love with shawn mendes after iheartradio music awards performance
watch this guy count to 100,000 for no reason whatsoever
blacker and better: jessica lea mayfield
women in business: catherine courage, senior vice president, customer experience, citrix
scientists probably discover a new species of frog
why i still love santa, even if he is getting all the credit for my hardwork
new netflix gas lets users inhale multiple seasons of tv shows
the health care fight is driving more democrats to run for office
presidential primaries
cnn chief jeff zucker rips donna brazile's 'disgusting' dealings with clinton campaign
seth meyers shreds gop hypocrisy over donald trump's attacks on amazon
'from mid-range he could kill you': bernie sanders' basketball days
alfonso ribeiro may be forced to leave 'dwts'
infertile aunt doing it up big at kids table
the voice's audra mclaughlin: 12 things you need to know
michael j. fox visibly excited by return to tv
video highlights the kind of breastfeeding shaming we don't really talk about
desperate gop spotted in south dakota trying to build keystone pipeline themselves
area woman to celebrate quiet women's history month at home this year
20th century fox, paramount have no female directors through 2018
a brief history of hollywood's complicated relationship with cocaine
how newt gingrich is bringing john mccain's campaign and super pac together
trump-loving man throws tantrum at black starbucks employee over coffee
15 blog posts by latinos that got us talking in 2015
nation's legislators resume unfettered whoring
do i need to upgrade my health insurance during the open enrollment period?
women in business q&a: alana, juliette and nicole feld, feld entertainment
new 'oitnb' trailer is all about hugs and 'naked cat fights in the shower'
geckos have a blast during space mission
beautiful nurse gives teen enema
man doing karaoke clearly sings this one every time
report: much of u.s. still underpaved
attractive woman surprised to learn coworker a dick
naked, dripping wet tom brady thrilled by judge's decision to overturn suspension, imagines judge
man unknowingly purchases lifetime supply of condoms
bush calls for end to 'era of political argument'
blimp crashes to the ground at u.s. open
these new 'ahs: freak show' teasers are legitimately terrifying
nation's debate viewers disgusted with selves after connecting with mitt romney
brother, sister talk on phone to make mom happy
trump and steve bannon look back with rose-colored glasses in james corden spoof
alleged cop killer flew under radar
saudis snub obama on riyadh arrival amid growing tensions
american airlines admirals club installs two-way mirror for members to enjoy misery of passengers in gate waiting area
report: many americans not watching enough television to make worthwhile contribution to small talk
drunk ron weasley wishing harry potter 'happy birthday' is pure magic
secretary of the interior meekly asks if there anything she can do to help stop isis
6 dreamers sue trump administration over daca decision
what a dust devil looks like on mars
american airlines to phase out complimentary cabin pressurization
how a political scientist broke the news of trump's meeting with putin
retirement savings actually fell over the past year
man puts glass of water on bedside table in case he needs to make huge mess in middle of night
5 tips to avoid summer weight gain in kids
donald trump's tax plan could balloon the debt by 75 percent
cnn releases photos of 3 obese mexican women suspected in boston bombing
choose gratitude or anger: a 3-part test (if you dare)
insiders blame rove for covering up iraq's real wmd
an educator's lament: part i -- symptoms of our educational demise
the 25 best women's fashion deals of the nordstrom anniversary sale under $100
why is it called a 'cesarean section' anyway?
'aha!' shouts devin nunes pulling back shower curtain in hopes of revealing hidden fbi agent
report: it okay to spend rest of day curled in fetal position under desk
this cafe makes it a point to hire workers with autism
romney: 'we should never apologize for american values or japanese internment camps'
gwyneth paltrow reported as news
receptionist takes leave of absence citing dehydration, exhaustion
minnesota braces for return of bachmann's full attention
donald trump will produce upcoming 'celebrity apprentice'
mentally unbalanced man still waiting for the right trump comment to incite him
bugaboo stroller's 'unrealistic' ad causes controversy
wisconsin has crush on minnesota
these dog models might be the best thing about american apparel
powerball super fans camping out before the big drawing dressed up as their favorite numbers
dru hill calls for 'change' in hometown of baltimore
mccain campaign nabs top obama pun writer
study: average american has over 9 million imagined sexual partners in lifetime
bush's approval rating of other americans also at all-time low
man had no idea cough was going to be wet one
skipping out on friend's birthday party at last minute closest woman will ever come to feeling rush of heroin
passengers freed from hijacked plane that landed in malta
bob dole makes car and driver 10 best list
staff of new thai restaurant desperately hoping area couple will try eating there sometime
trump staffer grateful to work with so many people he could turn over to fbi in exchange for immunity
the gulf crisis: fake news shines spotlight on psychological warfare
cosmopolitan releases 5 sexy helen gurley brown obituaries to drive your man wild
breaking: can anyone ever truly know anything? what is the truth?
giuliani spotted sleeping on new york city subway
bollywood superstar sridevi dies at 54 of cardiac arrest
florida man sentenced for running over ducks with lawnmower
darla moore
how the giants collapsed
first day of school photos a chance to see how much cousin's kids are chunking out this year
data-entry clerk reapplies carmex at 17-minute intervals
trump administration announces new $20 bill design honoring harriet tubman's owners
ladies, let 1970 cosmo tell you 'things to do with your hands that men like'
first look at the new queen elsa from 'once upon a time'
area priest to get out of priesthood as soon as parents die
innovative fat man combines waffles with ice cream
25 times mariah carey proved she's one glamorous mom
the world's largest lottery has just drawn its winners
obama within one vote of victory on iran deal
herpetologist names son after famous herpetologist
the first reviews of 'mockingjay' are here
hobby lobby still covers vasectomies and viagra
a good news story about 'imperfect' pregnancy
cop in ferguson suspended for video of bigoted views
dear critical white scholar and colleague:
the time i came out to my grandmother and she didn't die
ecosystem sobered by how young species was when it went extinct
supreme ruler of laundry room moves load of clothes from washer to top of washer
15-year-old girl viciously torn apart by rabid pack of peers
adam smith vs. ayn rand
pope francis spotted sunbathing nude in st. peter's square
trump's wavering promises and scandals complicate israel trip
ben carson has a weirdly specific vision of how 'the purge' could turn real
deshawnda bradley, #blacklivesmatter and the reminder that self-definition is essential to our survival
putin, erdogan and orban: band of brothers?
dnc files lawsuit alleging nation should never, ever stop focusing on 2016 election
investigating abuses at unlicensed religious homes for troubled kids
catholic teens still coming down after excitement of world youth day
america's decline in wages can be traced to george w. bush era
a family dog's letter to his boy
beyoncé quickly releases new song about how buying tidal subscription most empowering thing a woman can do
woman injured in hostile makeover
cnn's chris cuomo says reza aslan's 'tone' shows why people are 'fearful' of islam
gratitude for my pain
5 reasons you should let your mind wander
congress raises livestock minimum wage to $6.50 per hour
photographer captures private moments of lgbtq icons in stunning color
director's commentary for one night at mccool's trails off after 20 minutes
air france flight forced to land in kenya over bomb scare
araa kayboard bustad
post-rachel: what rachel dolezal taught us about race
don't believe the derrick rose hype
hating refugees is pretty much as american as apple pie
trump: 'we will fight in afghanistan until victorious, or i change my mind, get distracted, look bad, or get bored'
report: middle class running dangerously low on things to be squeezed out of
gq expertly spoofs vanity fair with their annual comedy issue cover
jane fonda has no time for megyn kelly's questions about plastic surgery
pope francis carves roast cherub for vatican christmas dinner
least corrupt politician in illinois history sentenced to 14 years in prison
hurricane harvey should be a wake-up call to trump's disaster relief budget
sitcom resorts to wizard of oz-themed fantasy episode
ice agents hurl pregnant immigrant over mexican border to prevent birth on u.s. soil
trump super pac gets 12-year-old girl to interview roy moore
scott bakula jumps into mccain's body just before election
trademarks show amazon has sights on meal-kits, 'single cow burgers' and other fast food options
novelist obliterates the bundy militia — and oregon's largest newspaper — in 194 words
chinese human rights activist wu gan sentenced to 8 years in prison
the seductive illusion of power
how business leaders can help foster mental health in the workplace
enda: the nightmare scenario in which gopers push a bad bill that gay groups dropped
bernie sanders: 'it would not be a bad thing' if fbi director james comey resigned
ex-wife, divorce lawyer killed as model train careens off tracks
the tools my father gave me
garden too much for grandma this summer
bounced joe biden check still taped up in delaware liquor store
why fashion should be on the climate change agenda
hanukkah decorations being defaced earlier every year
stephen colbert to face fcc investigation over 'homophobic' donald trump joke
mystery toilet flusher turns out to be something pretty scary
down the rabbit hole: a tale of suicide and macaroni
perfect attendance credited to abusive household
money continues to pour in to some undesignated far-off point somewhere
nation clinging desperately to brief inspirational moment before being thrust back into raging election maelstrom
there's virtually no way trump could win the nobel prize this year for north korea
jon favreau tapped to write and produce live-action 'star wars' series
man filming childbirth picks up some b-roll of wife's vagina while waiting for baby to crown
area man regrets investing in facebook
9 things to make the most out of your high school senior year
missing louisiana teen's sister: 'she is our heart and we want her home'
why this coptic christian bishop is willing to forgive isis
kerry vows to raise wife's taxes
pennsylvania diocese releases names of 51 clergy, laypeople accused of misconduct
congress spotted leaving gay nightclub
peter facinelli & jaimie alexander are engaged
congress may actually do something on criminal justice reform
activist puts two vampire bats in his mouth ... because?
what i wish for my daughter
man wishes there wasn't so much blank room on anniversary card
mental hospital fire leaves hundreds of demons homeless
michigan supreme court slams the door on jill stein's recount case
why did the dying grandma shred $1 million?
man regrets straying from sour cream and onion potato chips
queen of soul commands in philly
nyt editorial board unloads on trump: 'the law is coming'
philip morris releases new single-puff marlboro minis
this supreme court case could significantly weaken teachers unions
marco rubio decides to run for senate again
po' boy $12
michael douglas says his father kirk once thought he was a 'terrible' actor
why credit card points aren't the new miles
study finds average american hopes no one saw that 12 times per day
11 miserable situations parents know all too well
iraq: be careful how you mess with the sunni world
apple user acting like his dad just died
audubon society revokes black-capped chickadee's membership after species fails to pay dues
facebook in real life: politics
samantha bee rounds up comedians for the ultimate roast of donald trump
report: everything made in sweatshops
the center's mike thompson says 'p.s., i love you because...'
why dying in america is harder than it has to be
prince george really doesn't want to leave australia
why hillary clinton is moving left on every issue except israel - opinion
tooth fairy helps self to more teeth
fist-pumping jared kushner leaves jerusalem embassy refreshed and ready to solve next global crisis
report: things finally as bad as trump claims
death of high school quarterback evan murray ruled an accident
george w and ron paul
95-year-old woman uses lottery winnings to join 21st century
microsoft is trying to predict the next president
hertz introduces short-term rental for just driving around to clear head
second nintendo controller sits unused
ted cruz opens up to town hall audience about early days as larva feeding on porcupine carcass
designers handwrite the words we all wish we could say to flotus
norad takes area vagina to femstat 3
how to improve your people skills
the one thing you're forgetting to bring to thanksgiving dinner
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
how to grill vegetables
is your privacy being violated? an exclusive hidden-camera investigation
souls of wisdom
sound of children's laughter music to disney focus-group leader's ears
coworker with fluorescent bike vest treats office to futuristic light show on way to desk
13 dead and 6 injured after blaze breaks out in french bar
well past second chances: the nfl still doesn't get it on domestic violence
cockatiel can't take a punch
helping ukraine: how?
man sentenced to 3 months probation for 17th-degree murder
brazilian 'surfer angel' considered for sainthood
dc executive worried batgirl script not interesting enough to be movie, 3 more movies, 2028 reboot and 4 more movies
what it's like to be suddenly poor and homeless at 70
the first chapter of harper lee's 'go set a watchman' has arrived, and readers are thrilled
boilermakers protest purdue's mascot
school janitor's summer as human already a distant memory
remember that time donald trump almost bought an nfl team?
report: all the good stuff costs, like, 200 bucks
jeremy piven outraged microsoft word doesn't recognize his name
why there's absolutely nothing wrong with celibacy
boss born in 1991
study: average person's enjoyment of vacation drops 36% for each additional family member present
i wish i could borrow someone else's heart while mine heals
valerie harper gives fans health update following hospitalization
seventh-grade biology class grossed out at having to dissect horse
two years after sandy: addressing the emotional needs of survivors
critiquing democratic responses to the 2016 election- part i, the problem lies with working class voters themselves
10 tools for parents that should have been invented already
bengal tigers' habitat down to studio apartment in jaipur, india
if the culture fits... what zappos and other employers look for in new hires
the importance of staring out the window
these 5 decisions define you as an entrepreneur
finally, a web series that navigates the horrors of being a 'woman online'
report: national average now 604
area man busts his ass all day, and for what?
america's 'hamilton' obsession is officially shaping the future of money
how to take your dream vacation without a guidebook or expensive cell charges
'no, no, dear god no,' mumbles powerball presenter after drawing pitch-black ball
thing that was popular before brought back in hopes of it still being popular
channing tatum's pet goat has died
doctors to exercising seniors: don't bother
brutal gang rape gives screenplay more 'punch'
historical archives: kid-ney bean shaped organ recently discovered
why exercising your sense of humor is so important
epa didn't know anybody was still drinking water
the only way to know what neil gorsuch really thinks about gay sex is to ask him about it
fall of inversions
winter storm threatens homeless man's plans to survive over thanksgiving
retirement overseas: are we all just waiting for the grim reaper?
upper-middle-class man vows to never forget middle-class roots
equinox explores the fundamentals of lgbtq life in stunning new pride video
slick rick's 'children's story' is getting turned into a real kid's book
bush, cheney stand back-to-back, cock shotguns one last time
if this is what fall looks like, sign us up
mosul could be a make or break battle for iraq
immigrant also applying to a few reach countries
donald trump taps tea party rep. mike pompeo to run the cia
these 6 selena cards will make your valentine feel como la flor
thoughts on national airborne day
man accused of shooting and burning 2 people after refusing to pay cab fare
mike huckabee jokingly breaks campaign finance law in 2016 announcement
the rise and fall of an algerian tycoon
patti smith's advice about what really matters in life will give you chills
this fall's can't-miss, most noteworthy memoirs
watch these 50 celebrities totally kill it at the ice bucket challenge
kendrick lamar becomes first rapper to win pulitzer prize for editorial cartooning
erick erickson, noted sexist, slams donald trump for being sexist
8-year-old spreads love in the classroom with braille valentines
why i'm choosing to move to nyc
everyone at consumer electronics show forced to share single surge protector
duggar sisters say josh was 'a little too curious about girls'
palmolive attacks dawn for coddling grease
blotting of ken olin from human memory delayed several years
report: many americans too willing to ask for help
oliver north blames school shootings on ritalin
man reserving judgment on best actress nominees until looking at all 5 pictures
'steven universe' creator rebecca sugar on lgbt stories for kids
unidentified yowling animal in carrier apparently named kiwi
diamonds are a girl's best friend -- and other feminist truths
'queer eye' emotionally reflects on the unique challenges black gay men face
man hoping to accidentally see roommate's girlfriend naked
alcohol goes right back to abuser every time
actual governing to resume
these astronauts hugged it out in response to reporter's question about political tension
affordable fast food that's good for you? what a concept
where have all the children gone?
man films killer tornado bearing down on him in shocking video
nobel prize awarded to man who helped humans have more fucking babies
dad not going to pay someone to fix marriage when he can do it himself
the year of self-love
fda approves of what new drug is going for
'very angry badger' seizes part of 500-year-old scottish castle
third-grader clearly biting off more than he can chew at elementary school book fair
poll: millennials more open to idea of slavery reparations
15,000 foreign fighters have joined extremist groups in iraq and syria. here's why they went
madonna compares donald trump 'nightmare' to being dumped by an ex-lover
oprah winfrey breaks record for most appearances on the cover of 'o magazine'
87 killed in violent kerfuffle
child visiting ellis island sees where grandparents once toured
stephen colbert teases viewers with spoof interview of donald trump's 'top cop'
chuckling cops attempt to imitate sound of man being hit by taxi
man trying to get out of executioner duty
texas won't stop denying immigrants' children birth certificates -- for now
sgt. bowe bergdahl recaptured by taliban after wandering off texas base
home genetic tests may be riddled with errors, and companies aren't keeping track
leg man also an arms buff
twitter roasts mariah carey for 'disaster' hot tea moment during new year's performance
elizabeth warren quotes taylor swift, slams trump in commencement speech
focus on one particular loophole in gop's new tax-cut plan
gay comptroller tired of being referred to as 'that gay comptroller'
constitution rapidly ages another 100 years from stress of repeated crises
joe biden backed bills to make it harder for americans to reduce their student debt
once mighty super bowl commercial now sad, pathetic 'price is right' commercial
former president carter sole attendee at 1997 solar power summit
good stock farm: a great new cooking school
leave no person with disabilities behind
rep. mike thompson wins re-election
exasperated james holmes requests media stop calling him 'alleged' colorado shooter
walgreens to begin keeping most valuable employees behind glass
heaven slides to sixth place in annual quality of afterlife rankings
new york cracks down on payday lenders
man intensely public
surprise international visit makes for heartwarming first meeting between grandson and grandparents
'orcs of new york' is the 'hony' parody even sauron would adore
wrong pre-fab house delivered
the making of them: tv documentary review (belated)
women in business q&a: sarah davanzo, chief cultural strategy officer, sparks & honey
house inappropriations committee suggests nation's women dress a little sexier
kim kardashian channels cruella de vil, plus more outrageous looks of the month
what to buy at zara for under $100
maryland high school shooting victim to be taken off life support
15 convenient last-minute gifts you can snag at the drugstore
meet the trans woman who wants to change romantic comedies
gop completely fixes economy by canceling funding for npr
cyndi lauper: trump is a 'bum'
fiscal challenges for nyc's health and hospitals corporation
the paradox of addiction
switzerland at the geffen playhouse
another goper has compared planned parenthood to nazi germany
area man would put that meeting in his top 5 all time
paula deen releases delicious new butter product made from her breast milk
this woman celebrated her 77th birthday in the fiercest way possible
john legend gushing about chrissy teigen and baby luna is just the cutest
eu warmly welcomes sturgeon as she pushes to keep scotland in union
this t. rex dominates 'american ninja warrior' course like it's no big deal
world leaders pour into washington to pay last respects to dying nation
u.n. peacekeepers pulled from bosnia to mow ted turner's lawn
what does the administration's decision to rescind daca mean?
will intersectional feminism ever be one lane?
this is what it's really like out there for female superheroes
cher is gifting us with a broadway musical based on her life
report: majority of americans proficient at owing large sums of money
giving abdul-rahman kassig the last word
world's supermodels form hall of justice to protect ordinary models
fbi arrests brother of san bernardino terrorist and 2 others on marriage fraud charges
trump's dangerous move towards protectionism
"why didn't her real mom want her?"
obama, biden endorse kamala harris in california senate race
report: majority of nation's civic engagement centered around oppressing other people
unclear if grandma just friends with 81-year-old widowed man
pepsi ceo's wife buys coke when she's mad at him
small businessman conducts business on miniature golf course
bitcoin on path to functioning just like real currency after small concentration of people acquire majority of it
aging website wondering why no one ever visits it anymore
face it: let's talk about talking about sex
tic-tac-toe grandmaster devises brilliant new gambit
bear eats 20 pounds of dog food, promptly dozes off
this video of kourtney kardashian eating a kit kat bar is celeb culture run amok
crayola unveils true-blue crayon, and you get the chance to name it
what makes fireflies light up? here's the whole story
sleeping airline passenger misses out on aisle-wide bacchanalia of peanuts, decaf coffee
man arriving early to party to walk up and down street for 10 minutes
new product can do all that, more
dc police investigating possible hate crime after 2 men beaten in alleged anti-gay attack
6 reasons wisconsin should make the college football playoff
pizza hut's new 'hut swag' lets you wear your obsession on your sleeve
3 ways to make positive, lasting changes in the new year
huckabee sanders warns stormy daniels' disclosures just steamy, sexy distraction from real issues
bubba gump shrimp owner comforts depressed guy fieri
the house science committee doesn't seem to understand the concept of winter
iran denies making deal with u.s. to ship nuclear material to russia
south african prison rape survivors speak out for the first time
18 habits of highly creative people
will the charlie hebdo terrorist attack kill intelligence reform in the united states?
katy perry says she'd collaborate with taylor swift under this one simple condition
fired police chief, 2 other officers, sue for racial discrimination
report: white house exploring new value-added tax and carbon tax
audience calls candidates back on stage for debate encore
popeye decries mideast bombings; 'dese bombinks is disgustipating,' says sailor man
the senate and the house begin their debt limit dance
robert durst admits he was high on meth 'the whole time' while filming 'the jinx'
slain teacher told his fiancee what to say if he died in a school shooting
most of trump's voters don't think he's changed since taking office
robert pattinson is surprised to learn you still like him
stepping back into now
milkshake almost ruined by breakup
new diet surge targets overweight snowboarders
cool guy from middle school still sporting phat pair of jncos
5 workplace benefits you wish your company offered
department of homeland security not about to raise alert level for 14th anniversary of 9/11
queer couples take it off in stunning boudoir photos (nsfw)
maybe we shouldn't waste money on drug testing michigan welfare recipients
details hazy on 'death threats' against epa's scott pruitt
law schools now require applicants to honestly state whether they want to go to law school
5 questions to measure the feasibility of your startup idea
underfunded school lacks resources to calculate student-to-teacher ratio
by letting go of perfection, i found my strength as a mother
salad suppliers pledge to continue including just enough in bag that some will go bad if you're single
beer aisle scanned for something asshole friend won't mock
tina yothers fantasy camp files for bankruptcy
breaking: congressmen walking somewhere
disgusted researchers can't even bring themselves to find out how much mayo the average american consumes yearly
mcdonald's birthday party to be happiest time in child's life
suicide hotline operator talking to ex-boyfriend again
congolese rebel can't bring himself to care about congolese war
90 percent of americans now wearing laminated id badges
trump backers share his animosity toward the media, poll shows
series of grave errors results in jeff and kim's 5th anniversary
5 reasons website traffic is the lifeblood of small business
parents trying to gauge if son complete idiot before deciding whether to move to better school district
half-empty bottle of colt 45 left on church steps must be offering to god
marine le pen literally stole parts of a speech from her rival
man who forgot to buy valentine's day gift relieved to remember wife passed away years ago
jordan klepper channels jon stewart in his own search for sanity
'okay, gene, let's just get through this,' marketing executive beginning day tells self
cash-strapped moviepass limiting new users to one movie filmed in ceo's backyard per month
genuine love and respect only thing holding area relationship together
buck up. the denver holiday season is upon us
report: strongest human relationships emerge from bashing friend who couldn't make it out
green party official caught embezzling campaign funds for dime bag
john kelly denies any knowledge of staffer's misconduct that will break in few month's time
kleenex box inadequately covered
who's afraid to think?
these stars prove dark '90s lipstick is eternally cool
the eternal optimist
end of soup season can't come soon enough for oft-burned tongue
snorkeling instructor unaware he's in background of 400 dating profile photos
new pumpkin spice channel to offer fall-themed hardcore pornography
area desk doesn't mind if people sit on it like a chair every once in a while
jay-z: 'on second thought, i like orlando more'
length of relationship mistaken for quality of relationship
dental hygienist sick of being lied to
'wheel of fortune' contestants hit hard as vowel prices skyrocket
poll: support for afghanistan war up among americans who love horrible situations
blake shelton gushes about gwen stefani before her beautiful 'voice' performance
report: u.s. consumers spend $900 billion each year after saying 'gimme one of those, too'
16 tweets that define what it means to be an introvert
trump and his press secretary flagrantly lied on their first full day in office. that matters.
if hamster only knew what happened to last hamster
report: algerian militant killed in u.s. strike targeting al qaeda operatives in libya
james corden battles neil patrick harris in aca-mazing broadway riff-off
aides advise obama to avoid any mention of america during state of the union speech
mattis, tillerson want blank check to wage illegal war
soulless man has cordless phone
meet paddles, the most powerful cat in new zealand
10 instagram accounts to follow to get you in the holiday spirit
new low stooped to
obama's overtime reforms aren't dead yet
obama increases sense of urgency by riding last white rhino on earth through climate talk
opening wider and diving deeper into the immeasurable beauty and pain of life
chris murphy: congress giving 'quiet endorsement' to murders
it's time to stop chasing the impossible ideal
ricky martin's style evolution, from menudo to mullets and beyond
fbi calls for increased surveillance powers to keep pace with evolving threat of presidential administrations
area ostrich lashes out against unnecessarily restrictive zoning laws
trevor noah: 'trump may destroy the world, but god damn he's cute'
sandwich from television commercial spotted at local restaurant
signed 8x10 of tony danza draws millions to brooklyn dry cleaner
another vietnamese activist slapped with prison sentence for toxic spill criticism
taylor swift shares 'family portrait' with lots of famous ladies
how are hawaii's millennials doing these days?
afterbirthers demand to see obama's placenta
budweiser unveils social anxiety bottle with 900% more label to pick at
margaret atwood's advice for young feminists: 'be informed, be aware'
man opens fire on chicago subway train: police
this new federal law will change foster care as we know it
clear theme of obedient children emerging in father's bedtime stories
report: mom has plan for tub of whipped cream in fridge
what i wish i'd learned about housekeeping
woman shuts down dude who demanded $5 back for coffee date
nation's ever so malleable simpletons fluttering between candidates like shuttlecocks through every moment of debate
tv producers running out of types of people to have dance with each other
creepy real estate listing really talking up size of crawlspaces
report: girl who called you a slut in high school posting passionate status about women's march
hope in students' eyes too much for screenwriting teacher to handle this week
the ayurveda experience in india
team usa wins third straight olympic gold beating serbia in rio
'the sheer beauty of montana just intrigues me': meet the people of livingston
report: mom would rather sit here and watch you guys have fun
police near st. louis quash peaceful protest by declaring it an unlawful assembly
supreme court upholds bill of rights in 5-4 decision
republican congressmen torched at angry town hall meetings in california
andrew w.k. submits the necessary paperwork to form 'the party party'
good girls have abortions, too, naral chief tells dnc
report: clinton accepted rebate while in office depot
anti-donald trump forces gear up for third-party challenge
tim kaine's children: tim kaine could be vice president of lameness, maybe
dad and toddler 'compete' over mother's day responsibilities
mom posts photos from travel ban countries to show we're more alike than different
the unicorn frappuccino is coming to a starbucks near you
jay leno reconsiders retirement after georgia woman sets boyfriend's crotch on fire
'harry potter' actor alfred enoch says there's no reason hermione can't be black
these latinos' reactions to 'coco' prove representation matters
poisoned daughter of russian spy released from hospital
construction crew arguing over who gets to use the fun tools
even trump voters hate this bill he just signed
new affordable daycare sort of keeps an eye on your kids
cookie johnson reveals what led to a secret 2-week separation from magic johnson
acne medication may cause dizziness, nausea, loss of hearing, insomnia, blood clotting, difficulty breathing
deaths of 550,000 confirm which mushrooms are okay to eat
watch maroon 5's 'snl' performance
bush tumbles wildly down washington monument staircase
dog picks out her own shelter kitten to take home
nation inspired by bravery of teen just wearing bikini right into mcdonald's
donald trump: what the actual f*ck?
kylie jenner beat beyoncé at breaking the internet
trump announces paris climate deal rejection in front of 16 running faucets
exhausted trump supporter just decides massive cuts to healthcare subsidies reason he voted for him
transplanting marijuana: myth to mainstream america
mom really funny today
i was taught to be ashamed of my sexuality
john oliver's guide to everything students need to know
a mild-mannered woman from washington is the democrats' deadliest weapon
rachel mcadams doesn't look like this anymore
no, gay marriage wasn't a conservative win
cnn producer on hunt for saddest-looking fuck with convention button collection
james corden and harry styles kiss for holiday-themed 'carpool karaoke'
switzerland passes u.n. inspection after erecting fire escape on matterhorn
filmmaker says 'stranger things' creators stole his ideas in new lawsuit
aly raisman says usa gymnastics is '100 percent responsible' for nassar abuse
ten days in june
why change sucks even when you're middle age
procter & gamble introduces home menstruation test
slow-motion woman emerges glistening from pool
gop senators throw support behind mitch mcconnell as feud with trump escalates
trump backs rudy giuliani's claim that no campaign money went to stormy daniels
ten years later, it's still gut-wrenching to look back at katrina footage
olympics commentator explains 'they all look the same' remark about chinese skiers
5 viruses that are scarier than ebola
why happy hours may soon replace early bird specials
the crisis with russia and the unspoken link
secret service rooftop sniper team depressed by sprawling view of cleveland
shadow government getting too large to meet in marriott conference room b
how (not) to repeat history
three stylish ways to wear one puffer vest
relationship experts say mailing body part to ex on valentine's day only way to win them back
ex-new orleans cops plead guilty in post-katrina killings
retiree purchases recliner he'll eventually die in
david crosby shows photo of dwarven blacksmith to barber to give idea of what he wants
epa urges nation to develop new air source
area woman tired of men staring at her breast implants
bob dylan digitally remastered
wall street journal editor directs reporters to get really mealy-mouthed covering trump
lena dunham opens up about sexual healing after assault in poignant essay
apartment set up to create illusion of well-rounded life
man calls trust fund savings
number of songs gop candidates can use down to 4
white house staff frantically shredding trump campaign aides
jenny sanford: 'i'm loving these lax gun purchasing laws'
mystery freshman dominates ice breakers, disappears into night
coworker even a dick in his expense reports
trump's deadly embrace of israel
amish teen spends entire rumspringa at apple store
carrie fisher raised billie lourd 'without gender'
woman says al franken groped her during 2010 photo op
scientists claim solar energy will be capable of powering 95% of scorchlands outposts by 2085
st. vincent to world's catholics: stop donating all this crap to me
new, lighter iphone hailed by exhausted, humpbacked iphone 4 users
ohio police chief: senseless killings by cops 'making us all look bad'
eye surgery lets abused dog see his rescuer for the very first time
nation unsure which candidate's plan to destroy the environment will create more jobs
wild-eyed sears ceo convinced these the flannel pajama pants that will turn everything around
new facebook feature allows user to cancel account
jimmy fallon six tantalizing months from disappearing forever
determined ant requires second flicking
comey memoir claims trump was obsessed with disproving 'pee tape' allegation
nation's sanitation workers announce everything finally clean
new law determines bullets no longer responsibility of owner once fired from gun
candy purchase puts yet more money in raisinets' bloated coffers
bunch of numbers from where daddy works means no trip to disney world
jennifer garner makes first public appearance since ben affleck split
africa is inspiring these chinese transplants to reflect on their culture
why erlich on 'silicon valley' is the best and the worst
exhausted florida resident returns home after weathering harrowing week with family out of state
senate can't pass methane rollback so interior decides to do it anyway
why the deadly attacks against foreigners in south africa come as no surprise
immigration backlash at the heart of british push to leave the e.u.
area ladder never thought it would end up a bookcase
little pussy has to take phone call in other room
romney: democrats lost because they weren't 'proud' enough of obama
mosquitoes don't even need to bite us, study shows
saudi courts should exhibit independence by protecting speech
civil war historians posit 'you had to be there' theory
'despacito' played on 2 calculators adds up to something special
sesame street mourns death of original letter k
8 super effective ways to use social media to land your next job
donald trump finally attacks ted cruz, referencing his cuban heritage
learn new habits to break emotional eating patterns
watch: 2014 bet awards performances
pantene releases new complicated 1-in-2 shampoo
deadly midair collision reported in maryland
hillary's last name dropped from senate race
area man fills important 'demand' role in economy
doing my daughter's hair makes me feel like a better dad
donald trump renominates environmental pick democrats called 'extreme' and 'embarrassing'
you'll never believe what these wedding dresses are made of
vatican declares hours between 3 a.m., 5:30 a.m. 'ungodly'
non-dominant hand completely botches nail clipping job
in venezuela: it's time to consider new options
the 10 best cities to throw a pool party
ronaldo's abs are the champions of europe
the most dangerous antihero on tv is ... the star of comedy central's 'review'?
wendy's new homestyle chicken strips salad shamelessly touted
how an essay on 'sexual paranoia' caused a frenzy at northwestern university
the nuisance of nuance: one president's doubling down on the dumbing down of american politics
donald trump jr.'s thanksgiving conversation starter tips spectacularly backfire
congress allocates $500 million for development of funkier bass lines
howdy texas! huffpost's 'listen to america' tour stops in odessa
your money or your life
disturbing fast food truth not exactly a game-changer for impoverished single mom of 3
4 copy editors killed in ongoing ap style, chicago manual gang violence
that time kendall jenner got a pony for christmas
actor-comedian pauly shore bad at 32
country music protested in restaurant's kitchen
email from mom sent at 5:32 a.m.
ohh, trump drained the swamp so the ceo bridge to the white house was clear!
buy or rent? and where to park your down payment until you decide?
wal-mart bans semi-nude pantyhose
passengers praying uber just a hobby for elderly driver
ceo sad nobody noticed new tie
raytheon ceo sends obama another article about mounting unrest in libya
117-aerocar pileup clogs troposphere for hours
trump accidentally records over comey meeting tape with idea for candy hotel
trump's new medicaid rules aren't about empowering people. they're about punishing the poor.
god struggling to remember how to make geodes
environmentalists say they're averting climate disaster. conservatives say it's terrorism.
janis joplin: 'who you are is what you settle for, you know?'
laffy taffy sponsors every cobblestone at 9/11 memorial
france arrests 15-year-old boy over 'imminent paris attack
deadly stabbing attack at maryland prayer center
california to allow prisoners to serve sentences online
apple names jeff williams new coo
herbie goes bananas
gondolier ordered to follow that gondola
visine introduces new eye-whitening strips
brooklyn pizza restaurant gets threats after video links it to 'pizzagate' hoax
stop right now, this is the most precious beach town you'll ever see
roger stone says his conversation with dnc hackers was 'completely innocuous'
stephen colbert is stone-cold funny while mocking sarah palin's rock-run rant
clinton pours malt liquor on ground for dead homies
john kerry sits in shadows of kiev café awaiting woman known only as dasha
when a marriage is put through tests
super 8 offering writers residency for anyone working on suicide note
cambridge analytica offers 75% off all facebook user data for blowout closing sale
watch this guy's chin perfectly perform ed sheeran's 'thinking out loud'
the top 10 tips for a better night's sleep
new employee has never known decadent pleasures of old office
friday talking points -- utter foolishness
rory feek says watching his daughter grow up better than a grammy win
get chic this upcoming fall season
obama: 'arnold palmer had swagger before we had a name for it'
reporter for high school newspaper most professional journalist in nation
cooking off the cuff: italian rice and sausage (let's not call it risotto)
let's not forget that men have impeccable winter style, too
why i will never carpe diem again
sandy hook father to alex jones: 'i'm not backing down'
the downside of the boom
afro-brazilians demand slavery reparations because 'poverty has a color'
big banks call for 'strong' climate deal
hope solo shows off zika defense armor for rio olympics
papal apartments found filled with old newspapers, empty pill bottles, mangy cats
intricacies of meal plan discussed
clinton fumbles with submarine controls; 'everything's in german!' he shouts
twitter goes crazy after ugandan president museveni takes mysterious roadside call
department of labor response team seals off toxic workplace environment
on this week's best-dressed list, gabrielle union pulls a hat trick
taylor swift now dating senator joseph mccarthy
the crawleys are back: why the world loves downton abbey
bush posts classified ad for 90,000 troops
internet jokester strikes again
maybe the gop establishment should have embraced john kasich sooner
police satisfied after drunk man assures them there's no problem
roger ailes hires lawyer for possible lawsuit against new york magazine
police have no idea how laquan mcdonald footage vanished right after they watched it
tv viewers outraged at timing of commercial break
greek and turkish cypriots find common ground in effort to restore dilapidated monastery
area man realizes he's not the cool uncle
10 big space-saving ideas for small kitchens
cnn graphic designer asked to combine dollar sign, syringe, fighter jets, panda
17 weather-ready snow boots that aren't ugly
be still our hearts: raspberry chocolate grilled cheese sandwiches
authorities fear youtube shooter might inspire wave of copycat content creators
what the amazon vs. hachette debate ignores: independent authors
the conundrum of the midterms
stouffer's debuts new frozen meals to bring neighbors after death in family
huffpost hill - house republicans vote unanimously to fight later
woman who's been on the pill for years thinking about switching to new set of debilitating side effects
female trump supporters just feel more comfortable with gop candidate who's openly horrible to them
zambia tired of being mentioned in 'news of the weird' section
why taking a risk is a must for creativity
what vegetarians don't want you to know ... or hear
helicopter ride pretty much delivers the goods
get ready to lol at this 'force awakens' trailer with jar jar binks
houston police chief says he's sick of inaction on gun control
breaking: no way egypt coming out of this with a functional democracy
have we already solved the student debt crisis?
snakes on caduceus clearly in love
petsmart introduces heart-shaped puppy for valentine's day
man only has himself to blame for what's in targeted banner ad
u.s. border collie rounds up 11 million illegal immigrants
on the steps of the supreme court, too happy to hate
women's soccer star says u.s. team is 'fighting for bigger picture' equality
field-trip mishap fulfills child's wish to be oscar mayer wiener
paranormal expert bores son with ghost story
nikki haley called out for hypocrisy after refusing to house guantanamo detainees
jeb bush calls for crackdown on sanctuary cities in immigration plan
report: red meat linked to contentedly patting belly
nia long: film and tv should look like the world we live in
democrats could lose up to 8,000 seats in upcoming midterm election
miles teller doing ok after bronco flips over in car crash
91-year-old woman an expert at outliving
robert mueller begins thirteenth day undercover as white house janitor
national trust for historic preservation raises millions to demolish trump's boyhood home
this teen learned to accept his sexuality and gender 'in different ways'
eric holder announces least controversial decision of tenure
increasingly horrified man listens to self explain what he does for a living
is it wrong to outfox an airline at its own game?
mother of slain aurora teen calls out bernie sanders on gun control
oil train derails, spilling crude in columbia river gorge
childish gambino releases new song 'candler road'
cnn's erin burnett reports donald trump kissed her friend without consent
irish-americans gear up for 'the reinforcin' o' the stereotypes'
concrete steps you can take to support your muslim neighbors today
after the march for science, it's time to get political
lettuce sentenced to slow, painful death in vegetable crisper drawer
panhandler demands explanation for failure to provide quarter
vacation to israel canceled due to history of israel
obamacare case to be turned against government on emissions rule
the tragic death of alejandro nieto and san francisco's gentrification
olympic skier ashley caldwell's snooze button habit is so relatable
frantic john kerry looks on as teresa slowly lowered into kim jong-un's electric eel tank
hot-rod-lincoln-driving son may have contributed to father's alcoholism
yes, men are still harassing people on the street. no, it's still not okay.
floyd mayweather jr. stripped of title from manny pacquiao fight
man on horse hates city
the iconic blue ikea bag is getting a makeover
poll: majority of americans ready to give up on u.s. if someone else goes first
brilliant, innovative ceo just wrote words 'social media' on whiteboard and underlined it
donald trump will not get his son-in-law's newspaper's endorsement
greece votes in its second election of 2015
6 things you need to know about drowsy driving
report: some shithead out there makes so much more money than you
3 attacks in 3 months put spotlight on terrorism in the u.k.
trump holds strategy meeting with campaign's top militia leaders ahead of election day
avoiding auto repair scams
7-eleven shareholders approve sale of busch light six-pack
man thinks he managed to masturbate without waking roommate
un/opcw report blames syria government, islamic state for chemical attacks
kim jong-un's absence leaves north korean government officials no one to agree with
dog born with odds stacked against her found just the parents she needed
american dream week a smashing, mostly uninvestigated success
complete idiot forgot to shave area between mouth and nose
retreating clinton campaign torches iowa town to slow advance of sanders volunteers
don't nobody wanna hear area man run his mouth
48 syrian civilians massacred during claire danes' emmy award acceptance speech
readin' researchin' writin' and the tools to make it happen
report: uttering phrase 'easy does it' prevents 78% of drywall damage while moving furniture
ted cruz blasts new york times for keeping book off bestseller list
voting underway in myanmar's first free election in 25 years
ice cube thrown into sink flies up side like skateboarder shredding half-pipe
fisherman's worst nightmare comes true
new bailiff tired of hearing how old bailiff did things
breaking: 'the onion' in kill range of boston bomber suspect
seaworld crowd applauds for dolphin playfully spraying blood from blowhole
zimbabwe's youth defy blackout to organize protests on social media
emma gonzalez: 'one of the biggest threats' to teens today 'is being shot'
hackers breached u.s. election agency after vote, according to security firm
what you should buy your 'basic' friend, according to pinterest
what's in your mailbox? tips on what to do when uncle sam comes knocking
paul ryan is more of a con man than ever
pentagon to withhold budget figures out of respect for american families
pope francis wearing sweater vestments he got for christmas
american politics in moral free-fall
america's best 20 hikes
reparations and obama
israeli ban targeting boycott supporters raises alarm abroad
gourmet gifts for the foodie 2014
